x
This is my third Hot Tools bonnet dryer in 25 years. I love it: highly recommend it. I, too had the bonnet constantly unhooking from the hose but realized after the second dryer that the bonnet has a notch inside the ring that clicks to keep the connected to the bonnet. The dryer does get very but with 4 heist settings I keep lower it after 10-15 minutes then every five.
will dry hair very fast
This had terrible reviews but it was the only one I could find with the 3 things I wanted: diffuser, retractable cord, and folding handle. I figured for the price it was with a try. I'm so glad I did because I love it! I don't understand the negative reviews. It dries my hair quickly and my very curly hair looks great!
The speed and heat settings are wonderful. I don't get that gross feeling like it is burning my hair, or blowing it insanely, like with other blow driers. It is very convenient for storage.
I've had 3 of these hair druers and was happy with them because of the folding feature. The last one I purchased through Amazon stopped heating correctly within 2 weeks of use. Thats just poor....
My old blow dryer was this exact model and I absolutely loved it. However, the one that came in from Amazon for this purchase disappointed me as the retractable cord doesn't work.
retracting cord did not work after a few days!
It works as expected, the button to retract the cord is little stiff otherwise it is prefect.
This hair dryer is not adjustable and does not have enough heating power
This product was a terrible disappointment. The retractable cord stopped retracting almost the first time I used it.
I bought this to replace my aging Hot Tools dryer. The air flow is weak, it doesn't get very hot, and there aren't any vents near the nape of my neck, so the back of my hair is never dry. I would return it if I still had the box.
Used item , hair in back of blower , I paid for new item , very disappointed
Works great, fast shipping, thanks
Works beautifully and fast.  Lots of heat choices.  Hot is hot with this dryer.  I had to wear a terry headband around my forehead, ears, neck because of the &#34;leakage&#34; of hot air, but otherwise, it dried my curly hair very quickly, almost as fast as at the salon.  Love the thin case and the way the power cord, bonnet and air hose store in the case.  I worried about where I'd store this in a small apartment, but it's no problem.
Junk. Hard to clean and it took a long time to dry. Other retractable hair dryers can be had for about the same price. Started to get a rattling sound inside of it with a burnt smell. lasted under a year.
This i gave as gift & it blew up within one month!!!!
I purchased this from Target a little over three months ago (so, sadly I can't return it) and the heating element has already died. I like the folding and retractable cord features as well as the reasonable price, but it isn't a deal if you have to replace it every three months! I'll spend a little more next time and get a higher quality product.
This hair dryer met all of my expectations. I love its compact design. The bonnet is large enough to fit over rollers, and on the medium heat setting it gets warm enough to dry my hair in 10 minutes. I think it's a quality product with a thoughtful design.
just what I wonted. love it I can move around and sleep in it.
Just pyrchased this, but it works well.  Low is hot enough for thin hair.  Med is hor and Hot is super hot!  My old dryer similar to this lasted years.  We'll see about this one.
High heat is very high.  Like the dryer.  This is the second one I have bought.
DANGEROUS!!!<br />This hair dryer is SO NOT WORTH YOUR $$$$!!!  As reported by other reviewers the flat sliding on/off switch was difficult to operate, especially if your hands were not totally dry.  The folding handle stopped staying open after 6mo.  This created a significant pinching hazard.  After 9mo the dryer began to over heat each time it was used.
I bought this hairdryer ...twice ...for the retractable cord.  On the  first one I received the cord didn'tretract at all so I returned it and asked for a replacement. I  figured it was a fluke. Replacement was only slightly better. Cord retraction was rough and sporactic. So I returned for a refund. Amazon arranged for the free return and pickup of both hair dryers. So I may have unhappy with the purchases but the return process was a very good experience! It is just a defective design...My husband picked up one at Target and the retractable cord didn't work on it either!
There's a lot of low reviews for this hair dryer and most are because it's loud. Yes, it is loud. I don't use a hair dryer to style my hair I just want it to dry it as quickly as possible. I have long hair to my lower back, its (mostly) straight and very fine hair. I part my hair in the middle. Then turn it on to the highest speend and hot. I dry my left side in 5 mins then my right side- another 5 mins. This is the 3rd time I've bought this hair drier. The 1st one died when I dropped it. R.I.P. The second one just died after 5 years... It wouldn't heat up. 5 years for $20.. That's a good deal to me. If you're looking for a fancy hair dryer to carfeully and (apparently) silently... continue looking. If you're looking for a hair dryer that will dry your hear in 10-15 mins (if you have thick hair) then this one could be it.
It did not work
If you are purchasing this dryer solely for the cord retraction feature, you will be very disappointed.  Very seldom does the last 10-12 inches retract into the handle.
Except not drying at back of head well it is very satisfactory
Very noisy!!! Not comfortable to sit under. Was trying to replace one the was 30 to 40 years old. We all know they dont make things like they use to.
Thanks to all
Do NOT buy this hair dryer!  I purchased one just over a year ago, and the heating element died after 6 months (and I don't even use it daily).  Not being a fast learner, I bough the same dryer, and guess what?  6 months later, the heating element died.<br /><br />Fool me once, shame on you.  Fool me twice, shame on me.  I will not be purchasing another Revlon dyer again.
Im amazed at the negative reviews. I have had this dryer for about 3 years and it is my favorite. Recently, the retracable cord hasnt worked well, I tried to open it to fix it, then I broke off another part. Now, I use this dryer 1-2x/day. I paid under $20 at Walmart, so I sure got my moneys worth.<br />I ordered a conair here on Amazon that I will be returning and purchasing this one AGAIN.<br />It is VERY powerful, I love the retracting cord and fold up handle.
Best that i have ever owned.
I could kick myself for throwing away my old bonnet hair dryer twenty years ago.  It worked fine but blow dryers were more efficient.  I bet that if I still had it, I could plug it in and it would work much better than this model.  This model is such poor quality I'm shocked that someone would even sell it!  The unit is ok (after 3 uses) but the bonnet is so cheap that the plastic connector pulled away from the bonnet on the second use.  I suspect that the glue they use is not heat resistant and it melted, because it started to emit a chemical smell right before the plastic ring fell out of the bonnet.  Do yourself a favor and spend the extra money for a reputable manufacturer.
Infrequent user.  Second purchase of this model.  First one lasted a few years until the cord didn't retract, and then something came loose and smelled chemically acrid.<br /><br />It moves air and dries fairly well.  No particular change in frizz-level compared to others.<br /><br />Temps are spot on with me; it's nice to know I won't get burned nor be frustrated by a too-cool warm.<br /><br />I've gotten out of the habit of electric drying both for ecological reasons and for noise/hearing damage.  The only person really bothered by my wet hair or the results if nature-dried is me.  I don't find it any louder than any of my previous dryers, but my DD hates it with a passion. I'm thinking about using it as punishment (not really, but I probably could).  I don't get it, though. That's how hair dryers sound.  She winced at a 1200W mini, too.<br /><br />My cord retracts just fine, not like a shade, but I'm glad to have the heftier/safer cord without a vicious, finger-eating spring.  it took hundreds of in-and-outs for my old one to give out.<br /><br />The switches could have benefited mightily with even a slightly a concave dragging surface.  This strikes me as an efficiency design that wasn't.  It's not intolerable, though. If it bothered me that much I'd glop some plastic adhesive on it to give it a thumb-knob or edges.<br /><br />I  &#60;3  love &#60;3  the surface. It's totally Lenovo (not cheap).  It's *great* (grippable) if you don't always use the handle (like when the handle is folded in).  That said, it's not makeup-friendly, or rather, it is.  Oily pigmented stuff shows up on this and can be hard to get really clean. 90% rubbing alcohol does the trick.  I still love it.<br /><br />My attachments stay on, tightly. (Save the rubber bands from your broccoli and wrap them around the dryer exhaust to increase its diameter.  Cram-like-heck the attachments onto the dryer.  There are other solutions, too. like flexing the tabs with  a screwdriver.)<br /><br />I'd say skip this, frankly.  Go for one with easier switches and a lower decibel output... at a higher price.
This product is crap. I should have read the reviews! It is so loud you need earplugs to dry your hair. The cord won't retract with out an extended battle. DO NOT BUY!
Works very well and a great size
great product, great price!
This is my favorite hair dryer and it's the third I've owned.
This blow dryer stopped heating up after 2 months.  It only blows cool air now.
Chord works fine, switches loosen up. Good price.
Don't understand everyone's negative reviews about this dryer.  It dries my hair in half the time my old dryer took, it is no louder than any other blow dryer I've ever used, the controls are not difficult to use at all (you just push them upwards, for heavens sake!), and the retractable cord retracts exactly as it should.  The best thing is, even with all the positive things about the dryer, it didn't cost an arm and a leg like some I looked at.  &#34;Sticker&#34; shock indeed.  I love it!
Good, dependable, dries hair well, no major problems.  We like this a lot...my teenage daughter and I share use.  We both have thick hair and hers is long, too.  The retractable cord is not perfectly smooth -- it does not quickly zap back, for example -- but works pretty well.  The speed and coolness options are good, no problems with those switches as other reviews noted.  We've owned it @ 2 years and have had no sparks, smells, etc.
If you are buying this hair dryer because of the retractability of the cord...don't!  It worked for a few days then refused to completely retract.  So disappointing as I have a very small bathroom and spacesaving is a priority.  I don't think I will buy Conair products again.
It's great works good and was just what I needed for traveling
This one replaced one exactly like it which the handle would no longer lock in place.  The new one has an issue that you have to fight the cord to get it to retract.  The dryer part of both work fine.  The bells and whistles neither chime or whistle.
good dryer
The cord does not retract. I've bought this blue dryer for years in the store and the first one I buy online doesn't work the same. Pretty disappointing since the retractable cord is the reason I buy it in the first place.
It works perfectly and I can take it everywhere in little space.
I liked the feel of it in my hand, but it was incredibly loud.  I thought I should wear hearing protection while I used it.  I couldn't take it.  Also, the retractable cord worked only part of the time.  I returned it and bought a Remington.  I would definitely not recommend the Conair Cord-Keeper to a friend.
great for traveling. have a little trouble getting cord to retract but I haven't used it much, so should loosen up as I use it.
I would really like the hose to be longer.  If you are standing up doing your makeup you have to be really careful to not pull the hose out of the bonnet.  You also need to be careful to not pull the whole thing onto the floor.  The dryer on hot gets way too hot.  Even on medium it gets very hot.  I've wound up using it on the cool setting.  One good thing- the bonnet really is a nice big one.
At first it was great, but after about 6 months the dryer randomly stopped working and now, not even a year old has stopped working completely :(
I've had this dryer for 2 ½ years. The latch that keeps the hood upright has finally warped and doesn't stand open. Otherwise, it heats nicely and evenly and the Ion feature leaves my hair shiny. It was so good that I refuse to buy another. I just rigged it with some flexi-rods to get the hood to stay open and upright. Yep, it's just that good.
After using it, I turned off the hair dryer and put it down.  The hair dryer came back on, caught fire and left a very bad smell in the house.
It is unique and portable. I love the style, the brand and by using it my hair dries quickly. I would recommend it to everyone who needs a blow dryer. Thank you
After only 2 weeks of once-a-day use the cord will not stay extended. Solution was to pull it all the way out and tie a knot in the cord.<br />Conair products are now on my personal black list.
I bought this at Target without looking up reviews... mistakes were made.<br /><br />By far, this has been the most annoying hair dryer I've owned.  And trust me, when it comes to a product you're going to be using almost everyday, you do not want it to be annoying.<br /><br />1) STIFF BUTTONS -- The buttons are flush with the surface of the handle, and they're intended to be slid up and down.  Unfortunately, they're incredibly stiff and difficult to move.  I have to use my fingernail every time (which is irritating and uncomfortable), and even then I often have to fidget/wiggle it around.  Sometimes it takes a couple of tries.<br /><br />2) ATTACHMENT FALLS OFF -- Oh man.  Ugh.  I use the concentrator attachment, and seriously, the touch of a feather is enough to knock that thing off the dryer.  Literally every time it falls off in the middle of use.  If not once, then twice, sometimes even three times.  The worst part is that, once it falls off, it then bounces around the bathroom, making a HUGE clattering ruckus, before finally landing somewhere.  This seems to happen most often when other people are still asleep and I'm trying to be quiet.  My boyfriend is always highly amused at the #*$& that comes out of my mouth when this happens.<br /><br />And now, after about a year of frequent use, the dryer has begun to make loud sparking noises.  No visible sparks, just the sound... but I'm not about to wait for actual fire before I toss this.  I'd like to keep my hair, thanks.  I'm already shopping for another one.  Honestly, I'm not even that put out.  It's a relief.<br /><br />The ONE thing I liked about the dryer was its compactness -- because of the retracting cord and folding handle, it took up little space in my bathroom.
love this hair dryer! perfect for travel because of what little space it takes up and the retractable cord is a blessing!
I've had this hair dryer for almost 4 1/2 years now and never have had a problem with it. I bought it honestly because it was inexpensive and I love that it's not huge, makes it easier to handle as I hate blow dryers with a long, heavy body. The way folds up is also great for putting it away. I only now am going to need to buy a diffuser as I'm going back to my naturally curly hair. That's the only complaint I have and hope this dryer lasts me a good while longer!
We had our old Conair for years and loved it, so I got a replacement.  The new one keeps flipping the fuse switch in the switch box, so all the lights and electric go off in the bathroom, so I've had to stop using our master bathroom to dry my hair, which is ridiculous.  I'm getting rid of it and getting something that doesn't cause this many problems.  I tried to be a loyal customer, but this is how I'm repaid, by a crummy product.  We're done with Conair.
I researched dryers extensively, bought the Andis (retractable, etc), liked it<br />for size, worked well. The switches weren't ideal, but... Then after a year it stopped clicking<br />into full position (& I didn't fold & retract regularly), then a piece that fell out of<br />the mechanism got into the motor= into the trash, not even worth salvaging. I bought the 18575W at Goodwill for<br />.99 & Love it, better than the Andis. Unlike many other reviewers, I find the switch<br />to be zero problem, actually prefer it, plus nothing is in the way of ones hand while drying.<br />There you go; there's no telling & opinions are anecdotal!
I have owned quite a few Conair products but nevrr again. The cordless wonder has been a problem from the beginning and worked every once in a while. It is less than a year old. I wish I had seen the other reviews before I bought it because I had the same trouble with it. When I called for help I was told to mail back and then they would send me as new one. And in the mean time?The guy had no answer. Duh I have buy another dryer. I have learned a valuable lesson. Research products before you buy them. I wonder if the 20 something 5 star people are still happy with their dryers.
An excellent product. Sets up in seconds, easy to sit under, temp control is perfect. I LOVE HOT TOOLS, THE BEST MADE BRAND!
This is my second Conair Ionic hairdryer. This was exactly what I wanted and was not disappointed. Love the retractable cord, the folding handle and the 120/220 option for traveling.
Great hairdryer, lots of power, lightweight, retractable cord, the color is great and its the best dryer I've purchased.  I don't know why I have to add more words to my review.  A few words should be sufficient!!
This dryer dries hair fast with various heat options and speed.  The retractable cord is very convenient.  I bought this dryer after I used a similar dryer in a Hampton Inn Hotel and loved it. I am surprised at the complaints about this dryer.  I have used it for a year with no problems and I still love the dryer.
During normal use, the point where the cord enters the protector on the plug developed a bad connection such that it would only work when the cord was in a certain position. We had the same hair dryer before purchasing this one, and the same issue occurred, and eventually it just stopped working all together.<br /><br />This time around though...while using it, the cord sparked/shorted and started on fire in the wall socket. The dryer works well when it's not trying to burn the house down and the cord functions properly (if that's something you're looking for). There is clearly a quality control issue with this product and I'd suggest you try something else.
This blow dryer is great for traveling.  The fold up handle allows for easy packing.  The cord retractor is great
My last one burnt out after 3 years of use. Hope this one will last longer. It works very well especially when 3 people use it daily.
Had the features I wanted like cool shot and retractable cord. The dimensions are accurate, but unfortunately, it's just a lot bigger and heavier than I expected. Additionally, the folding mechanism and the materials feel pretty cheap, and I'm not certain how long this hairdryer will actually last.
One of the greatest features is the retractable cord.  No more having to try to wrap cord for travel. Dryer is better than most hotel dryers.  It is a little heavy for a travel dryer.  However, I feel that the trade off for speed of drying is well worth it.
I had a little difficulty finding a surface to put it on that would match up with a seat that I had to be high enough up into the hood.  If you're short like me (5'2&#34;), you can't just put in on the dining room table and use one of its chairs.  It would be helpful if the advertizing text stated how high the top of the inside of the hood was from the surface on which the dryer rested.
This dryer works very well. It takes a minute to warm up on medium heat. On low heat it feels like nothing's happening unless you start on medium. I like how it covers my whole head, but if i want to get under it or out i have to kinda limbo into it since the hood doesn't easily go back. It also has a weird smell...not too bad. I would recommend this to anyone not using big rollers or give this as a gift
It's a very powerful hair dryer, which is fine, as I have a lot of hair.  It's not too heavy and there are two settings for low heat and high heat.  However - the retractable cord stopped retracting within 30 days.  And the plug is very clunky - it's something that would be needed in a hair salon, not necessarily your home.  But it was only $14.95 and if it lasts 5 years, I will be happy.  The one that it replaced was a Vidal Sassoon (remember him?) that I bought 15 years ago for about $12.00, so I way got my money's worth out of that!
The Hot Tools hair dryer works wonders. It's so easy to use. All you have to do is attach it to the nozzle of your blow dryer and you can deep condition or set your hair. With a conventional standing dryer, the back of my head does not dry evenly with the rest of the hair, but this bonnet gives me all around coverage, drying my hair in 20 minutes. I've had this dryer for close to 8 months and I've used it every week after I wash and style my hair. It's survived both my tightly packed suitcases, and my weekly toss into the cupboard when I'm through. This may not be the dryer for people who set their hair with large rollers as this fits snug against my head with just twists. But other than that small limitation, this has been the best hair dryer I've ever owned.
This dryer is compact and easily portable.  It does an excellent job of drying hair over event the largest curlers.
I like this hair dryer. Had another one exactly the same befor and lasted a few years. I never minded that it was a little hard to slide on and off.<br />The retractable feature broke immediately. What a shame.
I have owned a hot tools hair dryer -  model 30001 -  but could no longer use it because the bonnet attachment to the hose broke.  I was very happy with this hair dryer and therefore expected the same results from a newer hot tools hair dryer.<br />However -  the thermostat setting is too too hot..  I cannot use it at all on high  setting and barely on the middle setting -  I have  managed to &#34;get the job done&#34; by starting on the middle setting as long as I can stand it and then switching to the cool setting  and then manually pulling  the bonnet to a peak over my curlers.  My Model 30001 had five heat settings.<br /><br />In addition to this the new dryer is very nosy - almost has a whistle to it.  The bonnet is heavier and not as flexible.<br />In short - I am not happy with the new dryer - do you have another model with more heat settings?<br /><br />A problem with both models -  the hose easily becomes detached from the bonnet while in the process of drying.
This dryer works well for drying my hair type.  It adjusts perfectly when sitting and it stores very nicely away
We have one already just like it and the wife loves it and that is why we bought another one.A Bargain.Our old one is 6 years old and we are ready for the new one.
You know the plug is just to big for most of the outlets. Hangs down too much and hits the counter tops.  Good power though
Works great. Exactly what I expected. Love the retractable cord, and it has enough power to dry my hair quickly.
got this for my mom, her old hair dryer stopped. she loves this one. and when it is on hot, it is hot
I received this hair dryer in December of 2012, tried to use it in January of 2013, lifted the hood and a piece snapped off. Now my hair dryer hood does not stay in place. I cannot use this item and do not recommend it because it is not durable.
Really good, and I like the adjustable features of the dryer. I'm pleased overall. I'd buy if I were you.
I bought this from Duane Reade over 4 years ago. I loved the compact design, it was perfect for my tiny apartment and the cold shot worked well. It served me well for over 4 years before the GFCI plug crapped out. A replacement plug head was more expensive than the dryer and would have required some soldering or wire splicing or something, so I gave up on it.
Great hair dryer . Wife loves the retractable cord and compact size. After using the hair dryer for about a year, the cord broke inside causing the dryer to shut on and off.  The warranty is about useless because after paying all the shipping costs both ways, it costs as much as buying a new one.
I purchased this hairdryer four months ago, and the heating element has already broken. I generally fold it up when I store it, and one day while I was opening it to use it I heard a strange metallic pop. Apparently, that was the heating element breaking. It's now pretty useless; it will only blow cold air (just in time for winter, I might add).<br /><br />As an aside, this is the second Revlon hairdryer I've bought this year after having a hairdryer of another brand for a few years. I'm beginning to think that the brand itself is not reliable--or at least the lower end ones aren't.
This looked like a good hairdryer when I unpacked it, but the hose will not stay attached to the bonnet and if you hold it by hand, the hot air never gets to the front and top of the bonnet.  It's basically useless.
Do not  buy this Hair dryer! Mine caught fire when it was plugged in  but not turned on. If I had not been home it  would have burned down my house! As it was, I smelled smoke and  was able to put out the fire! Very scary ! I was  lucky I did not get burned and nothing was damaged. I will never buy another Conair product again!<br />C.
This hair dryer is great. I especially love the cord keeper feature. Very good product. I would recommend this product to anyone.
I paid around 68 bucks for this a year ago. It never worked right. The front would get scalding hot and the back would stay cool and it was very loud. I used it maybe three times, four at the most and hated it. The fourth or fifth time I went to use it, it made a pop noise and then nothing. It never worked again. I cannot find anyone to fix it or replace it.  Of course, it crapped out after the warranty expired. DO NOT BUY THIS DRYER! It is a total hunk of junk. It still looks brand new, but its just a giant paper weight now.
This blow dryer was purchased to replace a similar one.......just love the fact that the cord retracts!  It's not cumbersome, has two speeds and a cooling option.  Terrific value for the money.
Not going to go get a new one bcz this is my new one and I threw out the box before I realized how irritating it is! So i'll keep using it, but i don't like that the switch is really hard to turn off/on sometimes whether my hands are completely dry or with lotions, the gripping bumps are small with the slide idea, just aren't a good combo. And then theres the retractable cord....ha. not always and then you have to feed it into the dryer--better than the entire cord but irritating nonetheless when it's purchased bcz of that feature.
I'm really enjoying the use of this product. It heats well and I'm usually dry in 30 minutes. I love how light weight it is, because I can hold it in my lap while I either work on the computer or watch TV.
This hair dryer is undoubtedly a great price and it does get the job done.  I haven't had any fuss with the fuse or anything and I supposed it's nice having the kind of fabric (not really...suede like?) feel of the hair dryer (Vs. plastic) for wet hands.  That said, the buttons used to operate this thing are impossible.  If you've recently put lotion on your hands then you can just forget it.  Seriously....more than once have had to use a butter knife to operate it, my friends and my mom have had the same troubles.  I would definitely pay $5 for one with better buttons.
I got this dryer about 8 months ago, and it is does not turn on anymore. The buttons were very difficult to work, but the longer I had it, the easier it became to slide them. It does have heat settings which I like, but the retractable cord is not very dependable. After trying out different hairdryers, I realize how much I liked this one despite its fallbacks. I guess I just got really attached to it.
When I first came across this product I thought this looked gfeat and I wanted buy it. Whwn I received it in the mail, I still thought it looked great but it could definifintely use some improving. The case itself at the top left corner of my phone comes apart sometimes and I havent even dropped my phone!!!
This dryer can't compare at all to past hair dryers.  It is hard to adjust and very noisy.  It took me a few attempts to finally find a way to sit under this dryer without it knocking out my rollers or making me sit in very uncomfortable positions.  Hard to adjust on my own, had to have my husband fix it for me.
I can't believe this. I bought this dryer in a local store less than a year ago and just a few days ago, it stopped heating. It just blows cold air. I thought mine was defective so I was actually perusing Amazon looking for a replacement for this dryer when I saw it on here and all the bad reviews. I decided to stop and put in my 2 cents worth.  The switches are terribly difficult to operate. I have to use my fingernails not my fingers alone. The retractable cord doesn't operate very well. But as another reviewer said, the folding handle is great. It's the only part that works the way it should. Also the attachments are impossible to stay on. You just tap them (as you normally do while drying your hair) and they come off and go bouncing all over the floor.  Hey Revlon! I think this model needs more work!
There is no way to adjust the height of the bonnet.  The high setting will burn your scalp and the low setting takes too long. And this is the top of the line???
Lumpy clumpy crap...threw it away and went to CVS to get my usual brand. Waste of money. Does not do what it says.
I have to agree with the critics on this one.  I used it and even the soft meshy side was too rough on your skin.  I bought a package of four I hope I can return three of them.  The verdict is still out on the Axe Shower Gel in terms of cleanliness.
I bought this product because I had a lot of tattoos and didn't want to fade them, however once I got it in the mail and used it for the first few times the pump did not work and it took forever to get the lotion out of the bottle.
However, I would have prefered a more diverse group of piks.  I bought my husband a waterpik for christmas (which he loved).  I wanted to get a set for myself, but this one only has 3 types (none really as cool as his) and dups of all three. - It's a good beginner set I guess... but I will be searching for some of the better ones that came with his. I can't complain about quality - look closely at the piks - if you want two of each of the basics - this is pefect for you.
I know this product has been discontinued so when I found it here I was really excited.  I used this alot and really like the way it works.  This bottle smelled a bit differently that my bottle I originally used from the store.  And didn't work quite as well.  But I still use it and it is better than some of the alternatives I have tried.
this shampoo never worked for my dandruff. even when my hair was wet i can still see the dandruff. this shampoo doesnt work
Altho' they claim to be Dippity Do it doesn't come close. It left my hair very dried out and brittle. I have a bathroom full of barely used jars bottles and tubes looking for the elusive substitute. Hope someone out there can find the formula and market it again. Hurry, my hair is an unruly mess.
I was really suprised with the poor quality of this hair dryer.  Over the past many years, I have used the Conair brand.  After just a few uses, the retractable cord stopped retracting and the COOL air button no longer popped back up, so I all I was able to do was dry my hair with cool air.  Once I folded it up, a plastic part in the dryer broke and a spring fell out as well.  I purchased a cheaper non folding, non retractable cord dryer and it works better than this more expensive model.  Save your cash and do not buy this.
I was given this for Christmas and i'm baffled by the reviews. Yes, it's a little hard to turn on and it's a little loud. But I don't think that warrants 1-2 star ratings. For me, this dryer is fantastic, it seems to dry 3x faster than my old, old dryer, and I haven't had either of the attachments pop off. I really like the attachments, I can get nice volume in my hair. My hair is naturally very thick and frizzy. My hair is still frizzy after use ( I always straighten after with any dryer ), however, it is less frizzy then with my old con-air ion dryer. And then, the whole dryer folds up and the cord retracts - awesome ! So I give it 4 stars. The stiff buttons and loudness are my only dislikes, but they don't bother me that much.
Would not recommend this product. It is heavy, loud, and difficult to use buttons. Buttons do not change positon easily. Also it seems to short out my electrical circuit. I have already replaced it. Does not dry hair faster or smoother than cheaper, lighter versions. Would not recommend.
I bought this dryer in a rush at Target and have regretted it ever since. My main issue with the design are the buttons. They are meant to be slid into position but I usually cannot get it to budge and have to try to force it my thumb nail, which isn't very pleasant.<br /><br />It's also very loud and it constantly makes a popping crackling what-have-you noise like it may explode any moment.
I love this hair-dryer. First saw it in a hotel and was like woah no cord - so I ordered one and have been using it for over 2 years now. Works perfectly. Stores small, has plenty of power.<br /><br />Now I am curious if I can find a diffuser attachment for it!? Anybody know?<br /><br />M
Pros: Dries hair. Folds in half.     Cons: Awkward buttons that won't budge at first, then leap past the desired setting. Retractable cord should be called stuffable cord. Stopped working after 6 months.
I loved the idea of a hair dryer with a retractable cord, and I have always had success with Conair in the past, so I was so disappointed when I started using the Cord Keeper and found it was just too loud to use.  I literally had to put my finger in my left ear to keep it from crackling when I used this dryer.  I mentioned that I had to take a hair dryer back to the store when my son and daughter-in-law were visiting, and they said they had a hair dryer that was too loud too.  It turns out it was the SAME model!
I use this dryer exclusively for when I color my hair with a henna because henna is heat activated.  So I do not use rollers but just put the bonnet on after applying the henna. (Not sure why the byline says from a 12-year-old reader.)     The high setting does a great job activating the henna, but the bonnet is so heavy that it collapses on top of my head and is so hot that it would burn if I did not hold it up manually.  Except since the bonnet gets too hot to touch, I attach a clothespin to it and hold the clothespin up for the 50 minutes that the henna is cooking.    It may work better with rollers, but the best idea would be to make a lighter bonnet that puffs up on its own, like the one that came with the old Carel dryers.    When I called the manufacturer to tell them that the bonnet acts that way, they were defensive.  If they could fix that problem, they'd have a much better dryer.
Summery: This product is great when used for intended purpose, however its cheap construction means it has a limited life span.    PROS:   *** It is gentle and easy to use on very hard to reach places.     CONS:   *** After about 2 years of use the button broke, stuck in the depressed position, meaning I can no longer turn the thing on.   *** Its great for soft body hair, not great for anything above the neck.     REVIEW: Initially this seemed like a great purchase, it shaves reasonably close but at no danger of nicking the skin no matter what awkward angle you use. It seems simple and sturdy and easy to clean. No one wants details as to where and how this product was used, but I will say if you're hoping for a multitasking razor this isn't it. I would occasionally use this guy to trim my beard when I had one, and it worked okay, but sometimes snag the larger hairs, needed multiple passes, etc. This isn't a big deal, I think you need the right tools for the job and prefer this being a good body hair trim and sub-par beard trimmer than having something that was average at both.     What really lost stars was the product's history of breaking through no fault of the user. Unfortunately, even though it feels pretty sturdy and reliable it WILL end up breaking. Now I know nothing last forever, but I think for an electronics device that costs $40 that one only gently uses for a few minutes every week, it should be functional or repairable for more than a couple years.     Sadly Norelco is the only company that makes body hair razors that seem to work well, so I replaced my broken trimmer with a more expensive one hoping it lasts longer. I don't feel good, though, about endorsing Norelco with a repeat purchase.
When I first bought this, I was not a skeptic about it. As someone who largely believes in science, I am very well aware that pheromones DO exist. I've also always wondered what it would be like to wear these pheromones. After exhausting the internet, it seemed that all I could find were pheromones catering to heterosexual men. Then I found this, and again, believing that it would work, I bought it.    Unfortunately, after using it for a few days now, I do not notice any differences in the way people (gay/straight/male/female) interact with me. They have however taken notice to the scent, and they love the scent, but I see no noticeable sexual excitement in other gay men, or increased mood and friendliness of straight men.    Soooo, it is now my belief, that the synthesized pheromone technology does not work in this cologne. However, its not a total disappointment, as I've said, everyone does love the smell, so I will continue to wear it as a regular cologne. But I was hoping for the pheromone technology to kick in, which never did...
The product works but I was disappointed in it.  Speedstick deodorant works just as good when applying a tattoo stencil and is extremely cheaper.
I have tried several of the 100% pure lotions.  One common theme is that they all have a pretty strong scent.  This vanilla scent to me was completely overpowering.  Very, very strong - too much so though.<br /><br />As far as the lotion, it really is one of the few that is totally pure.  I love that.  But the lotion itself for me doesn't work as well as others.  It's fairly runny, and doesn't moisturize my skin very well.  I will not be purchasing this brand anymore because of that.
The description of this item is not accurate. It doesn't specify that it won't fit most of the tubs. When I got it I saw that my tub is too high for it, but it was too late - they don't allow a return even if bench wasn't unpacked. Waste of money.
product is nothing special, especially since most kids shampoos are tear free I was disappointed to find that it burned my 6 month old sons eyes.  Boo hoo.  Will not purchase again
If you ask me this product doesn't work much different than the Redken Full Frame 07 Protective Volumizing Mousse.  The mousse works better than the lotion it never makes your hair flat not even in the back.  I even tried a reviewer's tips and it didn't make a difference. I have fine hair.  I'll continue to use it because it makes my hair soft.
It works but i always end up having a sore throat the next morning..<br /><br />maybe because i swallow some but hey  it works and cheap
There are not many in home peel treatments on the market any more, which is unfortunate. This peel does an excellent job of exfoliating and is not over-drying like some alpha hydroxide peels. However, the concentration of alpha/beta hydroxides is relatively low compared to what you may get at a dermatologist. Even on my sensitive skin I did not get overly red or flakey. Additionally, this peel seems to helped with oil control on my oily skin-especially when used consistently over time.     I do have a few complaints, one is the smell. Although it is not over-powering it takes a bit of getting used to, it smells like the old lanse-sa treatments at the hair salon. Another complaint is I do suffer from acne and this product seems to aggravate acne problems if used during a break-out. A word of warning, this stuff is very difficult to get out of hair so be careful where you apply it.    With all that said it is a luxurious treatment that helps exfoliate skin in a way no exfoliating rinse can do, and helps with oil control. I have not noticed any dramatic wrinkle reduction or dark spots disappearing like the professional peels deliver.
The picture shows an 8 oz bottle and 5 oz toothpaste. At that size it'd be a good deal. What you actually receive is a 3.4 oz bottle and a teeny-tiny bottle of toothpaste. (lost it on vacation, so can't post actual size.) The actual product is good, but don't buy this version of it.
This is a really fabulous red sparkle polish.  It's a good product and I treated myself.  :-)  It's a bit hard to take off, but most sparkle-polishes are.  As much as I like the product, I do feel it is a bit over-priced, especially when you add shipping.    If I was to come across this brand again, in store, I would buy it, if it was a color I had to have.
It works. just like the one it replaced.  First-time charging is quite slow, so be prepared.  Also the rubber coating on the last one of these I bought discolored quickly, and the one before that the coating became sticky after a while.  I am hoping this third one is better.
I hate this hair dryer. Sure, it dries efficiently, and I like the retractable cord feature (which you sometimes have to coax along, and the cord is too short), but I bought this hair dryer for the concentrator-the attachment that allows you to dry a very small and specific are (like at the salon). It just snaps on, instead of having a twist lock or something-which means if you so much as tap it (say, with the brush you're using to style), the attachment flies off. EVERY SINGLE MORNING. The switch is also a pain in the butt-hard to manipulate.  Like I said, it works fine, but I'm going to buy a different model so that I don't drive myself crazy every day.
I purchased this dryer because of the features that it offered (retractable cord, folds for storage, multiple heat and power options) which would be great - if I could turn it on and off! As it is, I fight the controls which makes it impossible to use. And quiet? Not in my world! This thing is loud with a very high-pitched, screeching tone much like fingernails on a chalk board.    I'm returning this one. It's not worth the effort.
The Hot Tools Prof. 800 Watt Ionic Soft Bonnet Hair Dryer is too hot on high and too cool on low/cool.  It is uncomfortable to use it.  I am not sure what my next step is going to be, but I cannot recommend   this product.
I bought this dryer about a year ago at Target becuase I was looking for a dryer with a diffuser.  The first time I tried it, it was very difficult to turn on becuase of the flat switches, which are pretty stiff, and the texture they have on them doesn't help you grip them at all.  And it takes forever to dry your hair with it becuase it doesn't seem to get all that hot.  The folding handle and retractable cord work just fine, very nice for storage, and yes the cord doesn't really fully retract after the first time you use it, you're left with about 2 inches of cord sticking out.  I definitely would not recommend this hair dryer. The only reason I can't bring myself to throw it out is because it technically still works and I'll at least have some hair dryer in case my good one breaks.
I liked the dryer, I have thick hair so it usually takes forever to dry.  The only complaint I have, I wish the hard hat could be used to lower the dryer rather than the arm its attached to.
This product should have come with a warning.  Even on the LOW setting, one can get a third degree burn from the heat.
The Hot Tools Salon Dryer does not have enough power to actually dry your hair.  The dome doesn't fit around your head (or my head) like it does at the salon. The combination of the size of the device as well as the lack of heat that it blows out, make this a bad purchase. I do not recommend and I will be returning it.
Let me start by saying I replaced this dryer within 2 weeks of use because I could see the damage to my hair.  The only reason I gave it 2 stars instead of 1 is because it does dry fairly quickly.  It is much louder that my last dryer.  The power switch is difficult to move.  Some mornings it wouldn't turn on until I put the retractable cord in and out a few times.  The worst downfall is the damage to my hair though.  After 2 weeks of use, I started to notice split ends and dry fly-aways.  Not good at all....do not buy.
the retractible cord and the ionic technology were the selling points for me.  the box reads provides maximum hair-conditioning ions for smooth, frizz-free hair.  not true.  my hair is curly and the ionic technology usually does the trick on managing dryer frizz.  however, this is not the case with this hair dryer.  i have come to the conclusion that the concentrator attachment is the problem.  it has holes on both sides that allow escape of air, and i can't think of any other reason than this to explain the frizz.  i bought a conair ionic as well, with the same type of concentrator, causing the same issue with my hair.  my previous dryer gave me the results that i like, and there were no holes in the concentrator.  the hunt continues...
I got this to replace another Conair dryer that I LOVED.  I wish they would stick with their old way of doing things instead of improving.  It isn't as kind to my hair while drying and is too painful to my ears.  Am returning it.
I bought the silver colored version of this at Target about 5 months ago.  I was happy with it until last week.  I straightened the collasable handle and heard a cracking sound.  The handle would no longer stay straight when I used the machine.  Like some of the other reviewers I found, upon opening up the device, that the very cheap plastic piece that kept the handle in the locked position had broken.  There was no way to fix it and it wasn't worth the hassle and expense to mail it in for repair.  So I bought a different brand last night.  I'm very unhappy with this product.
i love being able to just sit under the dryer and read while i deep condition my hair. not too hot, and it covers my entire head. fast shipping and good pricing for hot tools!!
I bought this hair dryer to replace another Conair I had for many years.  After one year I am going back to my old one.  There is NO WAY to clean the vents on this one and it heats up HOT.  It burned the top of my ear the other day.  The retractable cord is a nice idea, but if it retracts too fast you end up with bruises from it hitting you in the arm.  Look for the Conair dryers that have vents that can be cleaned and they will last you a good long time.  Then only good thing about it is it travels well.
I received this hair dryer yesterday and used it today for the first time...    What I liked:  -I was really drawn to the price and I still feel that it a great value.  -It has two settings; the low is nice and cool and the high is warm but not too hot. I like this because I try to use as little heat as possible.  -It has a lot of holes in the hood so it drys your hair very quickly.    -It's not as loud as I thought it would be.    What I didn't like and might also bother other users:  -I don't use rollers, but for anyone who does, this hood might be a bit small.  -I'm 5' 10 and the height is perfect for me, so if you are shorter that might be an issue. I used it at my kitchen table.  -There aren't enough holes around the back so about 3/4 way through you have to turn around with your body facing the machine. That's ultimately my biggest dislike about the machine.    Overall I'm happy with the item and I'd order it again. Hope this helps!
When I bought this, a real SP62 was shown in the picture. What I received is the one now shown in a replacement picture. It is narrower, with several fewer blades than a real SP62 and does not function nearly as well. Don't wast your money on this piece of junk, it makes the shaver not worth using.
From the bottle and the rave reviews I expected a nice deep purple/maroon color, but the polish is thin, so unless you can get it on perfectly you need more coats, and this causes it to be extremely dark. It's still nice, but I feel like I have black nail polish on. In low light it even seems like it is black. I don't love it as much as some people must, because I don't think I would buy this again.
I had submitted a review in February after owning this iron for about 10 months.  Now that I have owned it a year and no longer have a warranty it has quit working.  It is a great iron, but only plan to have it for a year.  If you are only interested in a short time using a great iron, and then spending the 100+ dollars again, then GET THIS IRON.      I was VERY disappointed when it broke, as I thought I'd get 2-3 years out of it.  It is made really lightweight...so I guess it should not have surprised me. I just hate spending more money so soon.  I am going to send it to the company and see if they will help me. SAVE your receipt. I typically ALWAYS do, but for some reason I can't find this one. ugh
I've had this shaver for over two months now. Being in my early 60's, I've been shaving a long time. Having had many shavers in my life I'd rate this one as a good shaver. I've had other panasonic shavers that did work better, BUT cost much-much more. For me the bottom line is this is a good shaver at a great price.
I bought this kit for the screwdriver, and while it is small, it does work.  The kit comes packaged in a sturdy plastic box.  Overall, it works.
I think this product is ok, but overpriced and there is more of the bottle than there is of the moisturizer.  Peter Thomas Roth should start lowering his prices for his products.  I can buy more products cheaper than his from Kohls that also do wonders for my skin and they at least, allow the consumer to use their discounts on every item including perfumes and make up.....
I have very naturally healthy and shiny, very straight dark hair, like that of the Native Amercans. My hair holds a curl very well. I already owned 2 different kinds of ceramic wavers and was looking for a more natural and less kinky kind of wave. This waver is ok, but not really what I expected. In my opinion it is not much different than the other wavers that are not described as DEEP wavers. I do hold Hot Tools brand in high regard from owning their products for numerous years. I would definitely take this deep waver over the other regular wavers, but wish I wouldn't have invested more money into the same kind of thing, more or less. I also do not like the dial adjustment used to set the temp on this because it is loose and changes on its own. I taped mine down so that it wouldn't accidentally set to a higher temp and burn my hair. Hope this is helpful.
Bought it on sale because it said for normal to dry skin, and I have dry skin.  It's too thin to be a real dry-skin lotion - I think it might be okay for the summertime, but for my winter-thirsty skin I definitely need something creamier.  Too bad, because I love the smell.  It's a soft, citrusy smell that's not too overpowering but still wakes you up and makes you feel happier in the morning.
I have combination skin which has become more dry this winter so I was looking for extra moisture.  I did not like this moisturizer.  I found it to be too fragrant and left my skin feeling more dry.  I also felt that it left an uncomfortable residue on my face.  I really like facial products that feel clean and natural. This did not for me.
I made the mistake of trusting that the picture on this product page was actually a picture of what I would get.  It clearly says that it is SLS-Free Fluoride toothpaste.  The toothpaste I received is SLS-free, but does not have fluoride.  I'm in the process of returning it.
Very uncomfortable, I can't have it on for more than 5 minutes. I bought it because it was cheap, but I guess you get what you paid for; a cheap product with cheap quality
I have not recieved this product so I can't give an accurate review. I would like someone to contact me, it's been over a month since I ordered this product.
I thought this sounded like a great idea but was disappointed. The brissels need to be softer and they bent after the very first very brief use. I doesn't stay in place when moving foot back-n-forth. I tried to lodge it in a corner but of course when you move your foot backwards it will not stay in place.Just a note I did not purchase at Amazon.
I read all of the other reviews for this iron and thought it would be great.  I have used a Chi for about 8 years now (both the wide and the regular 1).  This iron did not compare to the Chi.  Even on a high heat setting, although it straightened my hair it did not get rid of all of the frizz like the Chi does.  Also, I only have to pass over my hair 2 times with the Chi, whereas with this iron I had to go over it 4 times or more and still did not get the same results.    This iron was also a lot more difficult (despite other reviews) to glide through the hair compared to the Chi, so it took a lot longer to do my hair with it between more passes and slower gliding.  This iron was no better than a discount store bought $40 iron to me.  Very disappointed!
I've used hard hood hair dryers since the 1960s.  This Hot Tools Pro 1061 is so light weight and cheaply made it hardly stays on the table.  The only two settings are HIGH (which almost burns your scalp) and LOW (which takes way too long to dry your hair).  Also it's very difficult to dry the lower back of the hair.  I feel it's disappointing.
I used this product once and I want to take it back. I set my hair in medium sized rollers and I found that I couldn't fit my entire head under the dryer. AND it was incredibly loud. I must say that I like the fact that the dryer got hot enough to dry my hair (that could fit in), but not hot enough to cause damage. In order to get back of my hair some air time, I had to turn facing the dryer and tilt my head down, obviously that wasn't too comfortable. If I can get rid of this dryer I will, but if not I will live with it. Next time I will go for a hood dryer with a more circular design, instead of the cone style that this one has, Im sure that'll help me to get my whole head in.
Very happy with my new hair dryer- great for easy drying natural curls.  the dryer arrived quickly and in perfect condition.
My 12 yr old daughter has long, very thick hair and her arms get tired when she blow dries it. This allows her to read, enjoy a snack and blow dry her hair all at once.  It isn't as fast as a hand held dryer but if she's reading, the longer the better. It has air holes all over the inside and works great for her thick hair.  The ends of her hair that stick out of the bottom take a little longer but it's worth it.  I'm thinking of trying it out... It was a little difficult trying to find a place to set it and a chair that was just the right height. She just keeps it set up all the time and it's become a permanent fixture in her room. Definitely worth it.
It's too heavy, it wiggles when you dry because of the folding handle, the retractable cord is too short, it's noisy, the buttons are insanely hard to turn on, the cool shot button is too easily pushed by mistake and it's toooooooo heavy!  When you have long hair you feel like you have been lifting weights with one arm for 20 minutes. Ouchie...... DO NOT BUY IT!  The people are Revlon need to go back to the drawing board with this one.
We received this product on time and in good condition.  However, after about one month the connector on the bonnet came loose from the bonnet.  Poor job of attaching this during manufacturing.  Now must replace the bonnet and connector and having an awful time finding out where they may be purchased/replaced under warranty.  Does ANYBODY out there have any idea on where to go?[[ASIN:B000BBGS40 Hot Tools Professional 800 Watt Ionic Soft Bonnet Hair Dryer]]
Don't waste your money, I was two inches away from a girl and nothing. I'm in college and even in class it did nothing, and I put it on right before class.
I ordered two of these and returned them immediately. The suction cups are placed too far apart and will not stay stuck on the tub when I place my head there. If this problem is rectified, it will be a good product. I have used pillows of this style for years with excellent results. These have a flaw in their design which renders them useless.
Mine worked fine for a while. I've had it about a year but I didn't use it all that much until about a 2 months ago. After about a month the little plastic piece that you push to retract the cord broke so now no retractable cord. I liked that feature for easy storage. So far everything else still works. I'll keep you posted.
I had a Conair hair dryer for about 10 years before it died on me a few weeks ago. I decided on this Revlon hair dryer for features including the retractable cord and folding handle among others. Seemed like a great price for a decent hair dryer. It dries my hair fine but I cannot stand the on/off switches. They don't slide up and down easily and I often have to wedge something underneath the slide to get it to turn on. Drives me nuts. I don't recommend this dryer for that reason.
This hair dryer is extremely loud and uncomfortable to use. It also makes you sit with your face away from the body of the dryer, so it's impossible to work or write while using it. It would have been nice to know this in advance.  All in all It's terrible
The attachment to the hair bonnet does not hold well.  Other than that, I'm happy with the purchase.
It worked Ok in the first 5 uses and the it just fell apart till it died. When working heat in the bonnet was not equally distributed.
BUYER BEWARE!!! This hair dryer has four settings - Off, Low (no heat), Scorch and Torch, a most disappointing purchase from Hot Tools.  There is a positive, the bonnet is much better than one from a prior Hot Tools purchase. Hoping for a short life span for this hair dryer, so that I can buy another brand.
The vacuum works nice - catches the cut hair and it is easy to empty the collection space. Cuts hair as advertised, and has the usual snap on attachments. Lasted a year, then quit with no warning. $22 + shipping.
The filter that I received was not an OEM filter as advertised. It fits very loose.
I have never used hair spray but a few spritz on hair after I roll it.  I use hot rollers and my hair is thin so I have to be careful with products left on hair weighing it down.  Even with the regular hair spray my hair would look like helmot head..and would fall before I even went outside.  Outside, in the sun, would cake.    Anyway I read that the Sebastian products were amazing. So with high hopes I purcahsed the re-shaper with the mindset you could finger thorugh, etc.    I even went as far as spraying each section before I hot rolled it for the layered in hold.  Then spritzed all over when done.  Today, after I did this I had amazing curls, etc..  Didnt even leave the house just went into the other room which is my office.  IT is air conditioned so have not been outside yet.  The door bell rang less than 20minutes and I passed by the mirror and the hair has completely FALLEN!  This is after I layered every curl and sprayed entire head with re-shaper as a finisher.    What a disappointment.  My hair is sticky too.  Im not sure why the other poster said it stayed great even after finger combing.  Maybe because it was just a few hairs on her head (bangs).    My hair has fallen and left with the feeling of hair spray on my hair.      So, not sure what the hype was all about. I have never used hair spray so much and it did nothing.      Lastly, my fingers did snag quite considerably when I tried to comb my hair with my fingers behind my ear. Since the curls fell, I tried to put my hair behind my ears so it wouldnt be in my face and my fingers got caught in all the sticky mess.    What a disappointment
I purchased these clippers about 5 months ago to start cutting my own hair. I got about 6 good haircuts with it, but unfortunately ran into one large issue. The more I used it, the gradually harder it was to move the power switch on and off. Eventually, the power switch jammed completely, and I was no longer able to turn the thing on. I sent the clipper to Wahl to get it repaired, paying around 15 dollars for shipping, and got it back around 2 weeks later. I used the clippers twice since then, and now the power switch is back to being jammed. This thing is no better than a paper-weight to me now. I really regret purchasing this clipper, and will be purchasing a new pair from a different brand sometime very soon.
It took a single filing of ten nails to remove all of the abrasive material at the edges of the file. This product lasts no longer than an emery board and no where near as long as a regular metal file.
Goes on thick and doesn't blend in to skin. I also got some sun burn.
The real sham!!   Save you money!!   Nothing but slick goo on the lips.   NO PLUMPING!!
I was really excited about this product as i am a firm believer in the benefits of tea tree oil. The scent was mild and to my liking. However the effects wore off in a few hours- a much shorter time than my fragrance-free crystal deoderant which contains only natural mineral salts. While at work i could actually smell myself-to the point of embarrassment as i felt sure that others were also smelling me! This from some-one with a naturally mild body odor and body chemistry. I tried  it  at least 3 times,  hoping that I was mistaken but the same thing happened every time. Since it came in a packet of 4, I gave them to my husband. it seems to be working a bit better for him, but the effects are still for a fairly short duration. If you have a shower every 4-5 hours or so though, this product may be the perfect one to get.
This had both good and bad reviews, so i figured i would give it a try. Mistake. Worst shaver ever. I had to take off the plastic piece and just use the blades to make the hair short enough, and it worked for about 2 minutes, and then suddenly all it did was PULL the hair and HURT!!! Don't waste your money.
I was excited the first time I used this razor because it shaves so close.<br />By the end of the day my throat and neck area was extremely irritated and I had hundreds of ingrown hairs.<br />Thanks for the extremely close shave!<br />I was so embarrassed when I went to my girlfriend's house that night.<br />I like my face to be clean and smooth but this is just too close of a shave.<br />Also I must note that the blade gets worn down very easily and gets clogged with shaving cream/hair.
Have only used once but have high expectations.  Smell was not really so great but not horrible.  The after-tan smell (that burnt hair smell) was NOT BAD at all.  So well worth it there.  I could still smell it but it wasnt overpowering like most lotions are.  Gave me good color right out of the bed but not the best.<br /><br />I still think Worship Me does a MUCH better job giving you color right out of the bed...I looked like a goddess of the islands after using that just ONCE!  Also Worship Me smells better.  But meh, I'll try this and see.<br /><br />Hope it works!!!
I have used Retro Daily Shampoo for a few years and was delighted with it, in particular because it contained no Sulfates. Unfortunately the Retro I received had a label New improved Formula on front and when I read the ingredients I discovered they have added Sulfates to the shampoo. I therefore had to return it and although the retrun experience was good  I was disappointed in the change in the product.
I stepped to level 9, after using level 6 for about eight months. Once I stepped up I finally began to see wrinkles become less prominent, and my acne more manageable. However, my skin became so red and irritated and my usually oily skin began to dry out. The results I did see were not worth the side effects and were not worth the money. Green Cream in general has a high alcohol content, and I first became aware of this when I started using Level 9 and found out this is what was most likely making my skin dry. There are far better retinol treatments on the market, especially for the amount that is paid for these products.
I use this product along with conditioner and blowout serum. I got the Brazilian Blowout treatment in my hair and it's just phenomenal how I don't have to worry about my hair anymore. I do recommend the treatment before purchasing the shampoo, conditioner, and serum. After all, the only reason to purchase these outrageously expensive products is to maintain the treatment longer. I'm very happy with the treatment ($300-$600, depending on length), but I am not very happy with the products. They do leave a lot of dandruff. But if you paid for the Brazilian Blowout TREATMENT , might as well maintain it by using the correct products. I will only continue to purchase this product as long as I keep getting the Brazilian Blowout treatments.
This product was very dry, it seemed old and really did not work at all, I do not recommend, waste of money
These flower-shaped toe separators are super cute and they work fine to separate your toes to polish but when you take them off, the flowers easily rip off making them good for one use.  I'll have to sacrifice esthetics and go with the plain old separators next time.
About two years ago, I discovered this product and fell in love quickly only to be disappointed. As a frequent dry shampoo user, I have to say this one has the freshest shampoo-like scent and it really works without leaving a residue. The problem, which I am unable to overcome, is the issue with the sprayer getting clogged. Luckily, I bought my product from a local cosmetics shop and they allowed me to RETURN FOUR BOTTLES in a row. I tried hot water, I tried cleaning the nozzle. I never tried sticking an earring in it like another reviewer suggested, but I had enough. Probably because of their embarassment, one of the cosmetic store employees told me they had heard Ojan was improving their bottle. So I waited diligently for about a year before purchasing another bottle only to find that, just like before, after about 2 uses, the nozzle clogs.     DEAR OJAN - PLEASE IMPROVE YOUR PACKAGING DESIGN SO I CAN CONTINUE TO USE YOUR PRODUCT!!! It is a horrible design flaw that has to cost a ton of money in returns and in loss of potential return customers - LIKE ME!    Now I use Oscar Blandi's power, which is a fabulous product, but sprays are just a little better. I have heard similar reports in Blandi's spray and have avoided it as a result. Fuhrer's didn't really do much for me and a drugstore brand named Salon Grafix (SG) works effectively but smells like old lady hairspray.
The Hot Spot's technology works, it does help shorten the life span of pimples and help prevent breakouts from erupting.  However, the construction of this item is subpar - the plastic casing cracks after the first three uses, and in some cases renders it useless.  I don't expect something I paid $40 to break within a week of purchase.  I emailed Zeno's customer service to complain about the poor quality, and received a response that they were aware of the cracking issue and were working on improving the product which does no good for those of us who got the lousy ones.
I have been using this conditioner for years including a few bottles I've purchased from Amazon and directly from Bumble and Bumble. The last bottle I got from amazon smelled like nail polish and burned my skin. Clearly a counterfeit version has ended up in their supply chain.
I bought this and tried it thinking Wahl was a good brand.  This thing is horrible!!!  It does not cut hair.  It's truly like the blades are missing.  Don't waste your time.
Looks great and presented excellent...  But- This Item must be turned off completely after each use near where  the unit was installed at the rear of the toliet near the floor!!   You and or your guests have to remember this.(Stated in the directions)   In Asia where these are very popular you do not have to turn the unit off after each use.  Mine leaks a little either in the open postion or closed postion while hanging on the wall!!!   I would say to look for a better unit before buying this one- I was very dissappointed in the quality.
I have been shaving with Braun products for 35 years, and have always been pleased, with the exception of the price for the replacement cutters/foils.<br />However, this particular product is awful, it does not shave close enough, and good luck finding replacement cutters locally.<br />Thankfully I saved my old Braun shaver, and as much as I tried to use this one (it was a gift) I eventually went back to my old one.
I tried these for about three days and found them difficult to tolerate. The bottom strip is especially challenging to get on right, and they make me salivate for the 30 minutes I have them in, and leave goop behind. I have to really motivate myself to use them, and have several times wondered if my teeth aren't already white enough. My dentist recommended them, so they probably do work if you can stick with the regimen. I haven't been able to so far.
My 30 year old Norelco died and they don't make the repair parts. My old Norelco worked fine with the original heads until the motor quit.<br /><br />The current model is cheap in price and feels poorly made. They recommend replacing the heads annually, but I'll use it until it fails and then toss it.
I received this product and enjoyed using this!  I was expecting a quicker result.  It wasn't a miracle worker for me.  Beth
R5130:    What a cheap piece of JUNK! You CANNOT take the heads apart to clean!!!!! I guess they figure everybody will toe the line and just buy new blades. With Norelco I could EASILY pop the blades out to clean it!    GOING BACK TO NORELCO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
This is okay but I'm not fond of the smell.  There is another bhringraj hair oil on Amazon that smells way better and leaves your hair soooo soft.
The purpose of a sonic toothbrush to augment the normal cleaning abilities of bristles by moving them rapidly and also to generate a secondary, cavitation effect, removing biofilms beyond the reach of the actual bristles. These Sonic Seals defeat these mechanics of Flexcare toothbrushes by filling the gap that allows the brush head to clear the handle, dampening the oscillations intended to be transmitted to the brush head and sending some of them back into the handle. The Flexcare line is too easy to clean to necessitate a product like this.
I don't know if this can is expired, or my hair is too thick (it's not), or what, but this can did not do jack!  I sprayed and sprayed from dawn to dusk and nothing!  This is supposed to give your hair volume, correct?  Not just sit there and weigh your hair down?  Whatever, back to the beauty supply store, I guess.
I have used this Revlon Hot Air styler for years, but now they have changed the style and I will never buy another one. The new one has air holes above handles which dry your hair too fast and the brushes are too soft and do not grip the hair. I am totally disappointed and saddened I cannot purchase the old style and will not use Revlon stylers anymore.
With this product I definitely see an improvement in my hair. It's shinier and not frizzy with the horrible humidity!!
This item was no longer available in stores, so I ordered enough to last a year from Amazon seller ABC Wholesale because I liked the product so much. They packaged the items in sets of three in plastic shrinkwrap.  They substituted a different style (Volume Blast), which is in the exact same can except for the name.  I did not notice the substitution until I opened the last 2 shrink wraps.  All six were the substituted item, not the Max Volume item that I had ordered.  Now I'm stuck with 6 cans of hair spray that are a very different item and performance from what I had originally ordered.
I just got the mirror today, opened the box and to my surprise was a tiny little mirror. No where on Amazon did it say the mirror was actually only 6in x 5in, especially given the price. However the mirror does what it says and is fogless which is nice. The first time I used it I put water in the back and put it on the suction cups and within a minute it fell onto my toe. So i tried cleaning the area behind the suction cups with some soap and that helped and it didn't fall the second time. Given the price I would expect the mirror to be larger, but on the positive it is actually fogless.
I purchased this product hoping for something that would eliminate my hair problem or at least help keep it under control. This product does exactly what it says it will do and works well. Very durable, you don't have to worry about breaking because it is indeed a spring. But WOW, does it ever hurt. I just can not put myself through that pain on a daily basis and if you don't do it just correctly it increases the pain by 1000 times. This method of hair removal is much worse than waxing. If I had thicker, tougher skin that wasn't so sensitive I would love this product but it is just too much pain for me to handle!
This pill box does not hold 50 pills.  Given that vitamins and supplements are of various sizes, this container will not hold more than 10 total.
I feel bad not giving this a great review.  I love how safe it is and it seems to work well.  It's also not that expensive as far as mineral sunscreens go.  I just hate the scent though.  I put it on my son, but use a different brand for myself.  I'm probably a bit more sensitive to scents than most, but I'm happier with California Baby, other than the price.  I haven't tried the unscented Badger though, and probably should.
This conditioner did soooo not live to my expectations! Fist of all it is not tick enough, it falls flat like pancake batter on your hand. Second you need a ton before you can start distributing it effectively on your hair. Third I've already used it three times and I really don't see any reduction in brassiness. I really don't understand why this conditioner is so expensive and most of all I don't understand how some people can give it good reviews!
It didn't do much for my hair.  It just feels cool on the scalp if you have braids.  I wouldn't purchase it again.
I used this product for  little over six months with less than stellar results. I am in my early 20s and have had lines around my eyes since I was 12 due to the way I smile. Even after nightly use for over six months, the lines around the corners of my eyes (that will one day be crows feet) are still very visible and  I have seen no reduction what so ever. I did have fain dark circles under my eyes that have faded slightly with the use of the product. To some up, I was expecting a lot more based on the price and the supposed research and engineering that went into development.     I will up and date as I still have some left, but don't waste your money this isn't a miracle formula.
I had to work too hard to have this absorb and I don't think ou should have to do that with an eye cream. another cream for my hands until its done
I just got this dryer last week. You can get burnt with this dryer as the heating vents are placed in odd areas on the bonnet. Also the attachment on the bonnet (the one you hook the dryer tube into) came out completely only a few days after I got it. So I am unable to use. I will not purchase again. I did not purchase from amazon.com but thought the review would be useful.
I was optimistic after reading the mostly positive reviews, however I was highly disappointed.  If you don't apply the product several times in heavy coats you don't taste anything and it needs to be reapplied frequently (at least daily).  Also, while using the product it seemed that the taste would happen several seconds after going to bite my nails which made it rather ineffective as a control mechanism.  And when eating or drinking anything if you just so happen to touch or lick anywhere near your nail it gives your food what seems to be a more bitter and effective bad taste compared to your nails themselves.  I started to use a similar nail polish product but did not like the shine and how frequently it needed to be applied but it was much more effective and much cheaper as well.  I suggest the nail polish over this product.
Unlike other stretchers, this one will only widen your shoes, not make them longer.  This isn't made clear in the description.  It's still well-made and I was creative enough to make it work, but if you're looking to stretch a shoe length-wise this probably isn't your best option!
I took this product to my doctor and he said the colon cleanse was the same as a laxative and the acai juice was just a placebo
The battery life is very poor.  A new one lasts only a few weeks.  We burned through the original and two replacements in the four months or so that we've owned it. There is only the two of us, so I doubt it gets used even twice a day on average.
The wooden sticks on these swabs break frequently.  There is not much cotton on the tip.  The 6 inch version work much better.  [[ASIN:B000GULSL4 COTTON APPLICATORS PURITAN NON STERILE 6'' 100/PKG]]
I dont recommend you to buy these tester ones. Every tester I bought doesnt stay on me long, maybe half an hour, then I dont even feel the fragrance. Dont waste your money on TESTERs...
I liked the lotion better than the spray for the body.  It went on smoother and darkened a lot faster.  Too bad they don't make it in a bigger size.  The smell was light, not too stinky.  It smelled good at first.  It was just a few hours later you could smell a slight sunless tanner smell.  The price is quite high for the wait time.  It was 3 weeks after I ordered it before I received it at my home.  They told me it was back ordered, however I didn't get this information until I called them myself.  A few days AFTER I called, they sent an email stating it was on back order.  They made up for it with a discount and a facial cleanser but I don't think I'll be ordering this product again.  I guarantee there are other ones out there that work as well and don't cost as much.
About Spinbrush® Swirl® electric toothbrush by Arm & Hammer.  So I was trying to figure out how to change the battery/s for this toothbrush --- for a long time - lol too long! And I was feelin' a bit dumb (lol). I had  always had a problem with the switch with the  Arm & Hammer Spinbrush® Swirl®. tooth brush - it was easy to turn on but it was actually a puzzle (not intuitive, to me anyway) to shut off. LOL - I knew the design of this T/Brush had out smarted me in the past so putting ego aside I went to the Web with my problem and to the Electric Tooth Brush Manufacture's site [...] by Arm & Hammer. I must say this is Very FLASH-e Web Site. (lol) Very typical, over the top - big company stuff! Designed for the Suit Client not the Toothbrush Customer. The web sit does not have a Site Search Field, I knew I was in for it right then!  YES there is a Q & A page but there is a lame Ask Us page that is really just a badly titled where to buy landing page., ([...]). It seems like you need to go two levels of pages in on this site to discover this page link found on the ASK US PAGE: [...] On the  FAQ page, How to change the battery for this model Spinbrush® Swirl® was an unanswered question, others yes full and complete How To's, but not for this model! Curious? Which led me to Amazon to see what others knew about the Arm & (and) Hammer Spinbrush® Swirl®. I found my answer at Amazon. It seems instead of just saying that you have to toss this thing in the landfill where it will last for who know's how long the A&H approach is omission. Just not talking about the issue with their customers? It was almost like they were too embarrassed to put in writing the truth about such an un-ecofriendly electric tooth brush. Lessons I learned: I wasted a lot of time, I found the solution to my problem very quickly on Amazon, & I got what I paid for when I bought the cheapest Electric Toothbrush I could find. I am embarrassed to put this in the garbage but that's where it is.
...but that is all the positive I can say about this. I bought one of these tonight at a local store to replace my dead Conair - folding handle, retractable cord were what sold me originally. However the cord is not long enough to get to the top of your head (it is half the length of my previous dryer). I couldn't find any info on how long it was supposed to be but I couldn't seem to get it out any further.     The switch is impossible to work with an arthritic thumb. You shouldn't have to use two hands to turn the thing on or off!    NOISE! WOW! Loud and irritating! This thing is going back tomorrow. Obviously not a Happy Camper with this purchase.
I thought these rollers were really cute but I ended up giving them away. I dont know if its that the heat is uneven or, or maybe the rollers are too small, or what, but I never got a good bouncy head of softly curled hair out of these.  I dont think they heat up particularly quickly, either. They might be good for a kid.
It does the job. I could use a bit longer razor, as it is a pretty small head. It's also a lot sharper than I thought it would be.
i used the roller on a facail scar i have that i cover with makeup, it is not deep but im very self conscious of it. i used the roller on it as instrusted but found that it actually made the area rolled more scar like (red and leathery) i would not advise using this on scars.
Zero Stars!<br />With all of those natural and safe ingredients, Komenuka Bijin blew it when they added the very unsafe and unhealthy chemical preservative paraben.<br />Disappointed beyond belief!
This simply felt like a lighter petroleum jelly and was in a tube. Been using it for a week and notice no difference. Easily wears off in five minutes. CLinique's lip scrub made my lips feel better.
I ordered the product about two weeks ago. Shipping was fast, the product came in a plain box and was well packaged.  I have several skin tags on my neck and applied product carefully with a q-tip as directed. It has a stinging sensation on application so I was careful not to apply too much solution to the tags. I got some of the solution on the surrounding skin but applied the ointment to stop the burn. The solution burns the skin very quickly so you have to be carefuly not to apply too much. The burns has caused my skin to become discolored, my neck now looks worse than before and my tags haven't fallen off yet. That was a week ago, so I will now use a small brush to apply and hopefully this will prove a better applicator than the q-tip. I am now looking forward to be rid of the tags and acid burns on my neck.    If you are interested in purchasing this product, please proceed with caution. Maybe the suppliers could provide a small applicator with this purchase.
I've been using the Sonicare for many, many years, probably 15 years, when they first came out.  I have the Advance handle and Philips no longer makes replacement heads for the Advance handles but instead has a slightly different head called e-series that is supposed to fit the Advance handle.  I ordered the three pack of the e-series and it does fit the original Advance handle but be advised that he makes a louder noise when in use.  Apparently, the magnets on the e-series' don't match what was originally designed for the Advance handles.  I called Philips and demonstrated the noise difference over the phone to the technician and even she could tell the significant difference in noise.  It's not unbareable by any stretch but is not as comfortable as using the old replacement heads.  The technician did not know about the difference in noise, checked with others and then got back to me that, yes, there is a difference in noise.  Philips should tell the user about this difference.  It's no big deal, but should be disclosed.<br /><br />What I found interesting also is that the new package says to replace the heads every 3 months.  The old packaging said every 6 months.  When I asked the technician about this and asked if this meant that the new heads were not made as well as the old heads and was this part of the American corporate conspiracy to have consumers buy more and spend more, she said they changed the recommendation on the advice of dental professionals.  Whether these dental professionals are part of the conspiracy, I do not know.  Whether the new heads are not as well built as the old, I also don't know.  But in any event, since I've been using the Sonicare for the past 15 years or so I've changed heads every six months or so and my teeth have not fallen out and I've had no complaints from my dentist.  I guess I'll update this review four months from now and advise whether my teeth have fallen out and are full of cavities all because I didn't change the replacement head after three months.<br /><br />But to Philips credit, at least they didn't simply stop making a head to fit the Advance handle and thereby force the consumer to buy a new handle for the new heads.  The e-series does fit, albeit not perfectly.<br /><br />Stay tuned.e replacement head after three months.    But to Philips credit, at least they didn't simply stop making a head to fit the Advance handle and thereby force the consumer to buy a new handle for the new heads.  The e-series does fit, albeit not perfectly.    Stay tuned.
I bought this hair dryer because I have the larger version that I use at home and I wanted the same quality for when I travel.  This packs well and I love the retrackable cord.
I've been looking for a new dryer with a soft bonnet after my last Vidal Sasson dryer broke.  This dryer gets very hot on the middle setting but doesn't dry very well. The low setting while cooler doesn't dry your hair. I  thought the exessive heat would make your hair  dry in half the time but it doesn't. This dryer also makes loud straining noises, which I am hoping doesn't mean the motor is about to quit.<br /><br />My old dryer is no longer being manufactured and this was the only alternative I could find. What can you do.
This hair dryer was everything I wanted: retractable cord, folded for space concerns, relatively light-weight. Worked well enough for me. However, it broke today...but I've had the thing for three years. I've used it pretty sparingly, maybe drying my hair once a week? Tops? Except for two month-long periods, in which I got a haircut that required more attention.    I'm going to buy a similar one, I think. I love the design. <3 I'm so, so sad that it's dead.
This product was just bad.  After I rolled my hair, it was hard to put the cap on my head.  The strings were supposed to tighten, but that was easier said than done.  The cap never got tight as i wanted it.  So this product was just bad.
DON'T but this hairdryer.  I had mine for about a month when the retractable cord broke, button, spring and all... and then this afternoon I was drying my hair when it suddenly turned off and fire shot out of the cord and melted the plastic coating and started smoking.  It was EXTREMELY startling and a huge hazard.  Now I am sitting here with wet hair and looking up similar stories ... Please dont buy this product!
With the exception of the hose being a little short - this is a great little hair dryer that has 4 temps.  It is light weight - easy to store and easy to travel with - I recommend it!!!
I've had this dryer for about 3 years.  The only thing that has gone bad - probably due to abuse - is the bonnet.  The string has broken and the bonnet itself tore.  I purchased the Conair to replace it, but the hose came apart and I ended up giving it away.  I like the Hot Tools so much that I ended up replacing the broken string and super gluing the bonnet to patch up the hole and I have resisted getting a new dryer. If I could find a bonnet replacement, I would buy it - but I can't so I'll break down and get another unit.      I haven't had any problems with it not fully inflating (even with my super glued holes).  I also find that it is very hot and I sometimes have to put it on medium.  The hose is pretty long and easily stores inside the unit, along with the bonnet. It's very portable and convenient.  I usually put it on at night while I lay on the couch and watch TV, or when I am working on the computer.  Before I know it, my hair is dry!
Bought this hairdryer a month ago and as we speak it is in a landfill somewhere.  What a piece of junk.  Just stopped working one day.  Would'nt turn on at all. To return it would be more of a hassle and expense than its worth and Conair knows this so they continue to produce inferior products knowing they won't get them back.  The retractable cord worked when it felt like it.  Don't waste your money on this one.
I got so fed up with this dryer, I gave up on it after just a couple of months.  I now (very happily) own a [[ASIN:B000R80ZTQ Infiniti by Conair 223 Cord Reel Folding Handle Dryer]], which, despite Amazon's title, does not have a folding handle.    This was my second hair dryer with a cord reel, which I find convenient, but there are several things I really hate about it.  It is very noisy and I have to turn the radio up loud to hear the news--even when using the slow speed.  You should be concerned about hearing loss if you use this.  The cord is way too short (4 feet) and when retracting it, rewinds so quickly that the plug whips around and hits me painfully in the hand.  I have to be careful about how to hold it when retracting the cord.  It also had only fast/hot and slow/warm settings.  I prefer to use high heat and a slow speed, but that is not available on this cheap piece of junk.    I highly recommend you do not waste your money on this hair dryer.
Like many out there, my last Conair dryer lasted nearly 20 years.  This new Conair was very good for the first 6 months but now it only wants to remain in the convenient fold down/storage position.  It's like someone broke it's little red neck.
This hair dryer is the BEST!  It dries your hair in half the time a regular hair dryer would do it.  It really helps for an on-the-go mom!
Unfortunately, like other reviewers here, my Conair 1875 watt ionic cord keeper died after a few months of use. While it was working it was excellent. But I don't expect a hair dryer to die after just a few months. Buy something else!
I bought this product Dec 8,2006, and it lasted till Aug 20, 2007.  It's not worth the cost to ship back.  It just stopped working.  My last Conair hair dryer lasted some 15 or more years.  Think I'll check out some other brands by checking out these great reviews on Amazon. Don't buy this hair dryer, you will be greatly disappointed.
I bought it in the middle of December 2006.  Today June 18, 2007, I turned it on to use it and it burned out and smoke was coming from the vents.  The plastic around the slot the tube goes into broke twice..had no choice but to stitch it with thread to keep it attached to the plastic cap.  So disappointed with this product.  Don't buy it.  Better to spend the money and buy professional.  This product is not worth the 40something dollars I paid for it.
I just ordered a new ER389 because my current one died after a little over two years of use. It was a nice little trimmer while it lasted, but I really don't think I should be filling landfills with dead trimmers every two years. If a frequent problem with these devices is that the batteries die, I'd be happy with a long-lasting trimmer with an old-fashioned power cord. By the way, I previously owned a Wahl battery-only portable trimmer and a Wahl AC trimmer, and they both had short lives. <br /> <br />
I am 63 and really wanted to try this. I swirled and tapped and noticed that the places on my face that are Not lined turned out nice. But I wanted a little more coverage due to some spider veins and 2 age spots. So I put a second coat on and these lines under one eye really stood out! I didn't know I had them until I used this product! So I got some makeup remover and took off the bare minerals that was on top of the lines and they disappeared! On those, I put my regular liquid foundation (on the lines)and all was well.  <br />  I think you should have nearly perfect skin for this to work nicely.
I have yet to use it tanning, but the smell is very musky and strong.  I was hoping for a sweeter scent.  It seems to make my skin soft though.
The bonnet is very flimsy and doesn't last long.  Too bad as the dryer is very good and compact.  If they make one with a decent bonnet, I'm there but this lasted about 6 uses and the bonnet broke off.
I bought the combo pack for this which included the cleansing lotion, toner and moisturizer--- it was a waste of money.  The cleanser was worst of all, it was drying, did not cleanse well, and I broke out soon after using it and the other products[[ASIN:B000H3DA5C Almay Daily Moisturizer for Normal/Combo Skin with Grape Seed, SPF 15, 4 fl oz (118 ml) (Pack of 2)]].  The moisturizer is chalky smelling and not very hydrating.  I could not recommend this to anyone.
I've used this product for about 2 months, it did somewhat whiten my teeth and I had no side effects. I stopped using it only because I did not deem it necessary to continue to buy it as I was using a trial that came free on my Listerine. <br /> <br />Hairy tongue and all other side effects people have mentioned can be caused by regular use of mouthwashes containing oxidizing agents, such as peroxide, or astringent agents, such as witch hazel or menthol. Its an allergic reaction, don't blame the product.
like its predecessor, this does make your lips a deeper color and a 'teensy weensy bit plumper, but i've been using it for 1 week now and have my doubts about 'maxiderm's' collagen boosting effect.  if my opinion changes, i'll update the review but as of now, i'd say save the 10 bucks and get original lip venom.  OKAY!!!  UPDATE!  IT WORKS!!!  after 2 weeks of two to three times a day application, my pout is definitely poutier...YAY!  also, i tested it on an 18 year old co-worker (i am 30) and it had immediate results.  hmmm, don't know why, but yes, great product, it WORKS!
For me, this dryer has been fantastic! I have had it for 3 months and use it 3 or 4 times a week; and, I have no problems with it at all. It is compact, which means it takes up very little space. I would recommend it, based on my experience.
I have used three of these.  The first two each lasted a year before shorting out.  I kept buying them because I liked the cordkeeper function.  This last one, though, shorted out and started a fire.  I have notified the company and will see what happens.  But I doubt that I will purchase another.  It's obvious that this product has an engineering or manufacturing flaw and should be pulled off the market.
first of all , let me be clear that the materials used in this dryer are NOT first quality....on the other hand the design is extraordinary.......i use mine on a daily basis and , provided you use them with (extra) care they will last more than a year......repairable?......dont think about it .if you open the folding handle, it will break apart in your hands.......i believe its components are so cheap that they do not resist being taken apart.....this product has been (since the begining)assembled in south america, just to seek the cheapest manufacturing process.
Loved the lightweight and compactible dryer until stopped working about 4 months after purchase date. It would stop in the middle of drying my hair and then go on and off every few seconds. Very annoying. I will not buy another.
I bought this dryer to replace my 10 year old conair, when it gets hot it would stop.  Good thing I didn't throw it away. This cordkeeper only worked for about 4 months.  It is also very LOUD! ALmost hurt my ears to use it
I have been a long time user and fan of the Conair Cord Keeper hairdryers.  I use them until they just die.  Recently Conair changed the look of this hairdryer and at first sight I thought that it felt much more flimsy than my previous Cord Keepers but did not give it much thought since I have always been very pleased with this hairdryer.  The hairdryer lasted about 2 weeks before the folding handle cracked.  When we opened up the handle we found that the plastic piece that makes the handle fold was cracked in half and did not appear repairable.  I went out and purchased another Cord Keeper thinking that I just had a 'lemon', well the second one lasted exactly 3 months and 1 day.  Today I pulled out the hairdryer, opened the handle and heard a crack.  This handle is also broken which prevents the hairdryer from staying in the open position. The product does have a 2 yr warranty but you are required to ship the defective product to a Conair service center along with $3 for shipping and handling - this would cost me more than the hairdryer, just not worth my time to box it up and take it to the post office!<br /><br />That being said, when this hairdryer worked it was wonderful.  The two speed settings are the perfect speeds, the hairdryer is extremely light and the handle is easy to grip.  The retractable cord is the best feature of this hairdryer and along with the folding handle it is great for travel.<br /><br />I did write to Conair and their response will determine if I purchase another Conair hairdryer plus I will be back to update this review.
