NA
NA
NA
NA
Ion Electrostatic precipitators release small doses of ozone as a byproduct, ozone is toxic and can eat away at the tissue of your lungs.
We have had this model on our wall for years.  Then we started buying them from Amazon vice other catalogs/sources.  Two in two years.  Current one purchased July 2006 and broke Nov 2006.  These have faulty switches that melt and/or deform.  WARRANTY?????  First one from Amazon did last 18 months or so.
bought this hairdryer for my daughter who ownes everything in pink.  She loves it.  It is light and has good airflow.   She also pointed out that it is not very noisy and of course, the color is just right. <br /> <br />
I am enjoying my new Remington hair dryer!  It has been a good choice, I believe.  I especially like the long power cord.  It's also very good not to get tangled.  My only complaint, if you want to call it that, is that I had expected that the hair dryer would be quieter than it is.  I checked around before I purchased it, and one of the selling points is that it is supposed to operate more quiet than your average hair dryer, but I can't really hear much of a difference, if any.  Regardless, I am enjoying it!
I very much like the way my hair comes out with this hairdryer.  Less frizz and dries quickly.  The only thing I don't like is the heaviness of the dryer.  It is three times heavier than my last hair dryer and after a while my arm gets tired.  If light weight is important to you, don't buy this one.  Also, I thought the price was pretty good, but I have actually seen similar dryers cheaper at Costco.
A dryer that meets all your styling needs.  It's not often that you can find one that is suited for both curly and straight styles.  The air diffusing attachment is perfect for creating soft, frizz free curls while the concentrator nozzle (more narrow and therefore a better conductor of air than most models with this feature) allows you to direct air exactly where you want it.  The dryer itself features two speed (low and high) and three heat settings (cool, warm and hot), as well as a cold shot button to lock in style.  For the highest heat setting, simply put the dryer on high speed and the hottest setting (careful, though...this is only recommended for hair that's UBER curly, like mine).  Additionally, the 9 foot long cord (complete with a loop that will allow you to hook it onto something in your bathroom or wherever else you store it) makes it really easy to use.  Another bonus: even on the highest setting, the dryer is considerably more quiet than other ones on the market that are similarly priced (you can easily hold a conversation while speaking in a normal tone of voice). <br /> <br />According to the information that's included with the product, the dryer is made with a combination pink tourmaline/ceramic technology that allows for a special emission of ions (these are important for eliminating static electricity).  I found that after use, my hair actually was a lot smoother even than when I used previous hair dryers with ionic technology; I used it to style my hair both in its naturally curly state and after setting it in rollers to blow dry it straight.  If your hair is really curly like mine, however, you might still want to use a flatiron to get that pin-straight look.  But for less curly hair or hair that's less prone to frizz, that probably won't be necessary. <br /> <br />Although this is by far my favorite hair dryer I've ever owned, I do agree with the previous comment on this product: it really would be the perfect dryer if it had a folding handle.  But this is only a tiny flaw, as it more than makes up for that missing feature with its humidity resisting technology.  Well done, Remington.  An invaluable product for any styling arsenal.
I like a soft bonnet hair drier, because it drys my hair softly not harshly as hand held dryers do.  And it leaves my hands free to do other things.  This particular one is compact and when everything is packed away, takes up little shelf space.  It is very sturdy too and I really like the long hose.
This hair dryer is the same or similar to units we have used in hotels when we have traveled. It is compact but powerful. The extra feature of a night light is very nice for our home use. We have one in our master bath and our guest bath and would recommend this item to friends.
its too hot on the hot setting and too cold on the warm. try not keeping it too long on your hair when its on the hot setting. <br /> <br />good luck
I am happy with my purchase of this hair dryer, although I do not really notice much of a difference that it is an ionic dryer.  The look is modern...it appears to be a quality product.
While I really liked the dryer's performance and the flexibility of using it with either the concentrator or diffuser attachments it came with, I'm really disappointed that it's burned out and inoperable after using it (not even daily or at the highest setting!) for under two weeks.   <br /> <br />Like another reviewer, I've waited a few days and tried resetting the plug and any outlet that I plug it into (all the outlets work with other appliances) and this dryer is definitely dead after a very brief run.  Since people are having such widely varied results, I can only wonder as to the manufacturer's quality control process, possibly letting through a few too many faulty machines...
I had been using this hairdryer daily for about a year or so... until today.  As I was holding it above my head, drying my hair, I heard a pop.  A few sparks flew out the end and into my hair and the whole thing shut off.  As it turns out, the area where the cord attaches to the handle got so hot that it melted through the plastic coating, exposing about a half-inch of singed wires. A tad bit dangerous if you asked me!  Granted, I used this dryer on the highest heat setting everyday for a year, so I got a lot of use out of it, but every other hairdryer I've had in the past simply blows cold air when it stops working properly--this one could've caused me bodily harm.  I think I may look into buying a different brand this time around.
I was very disappointed that the company would not honor the 4 year guarantee because I got this on Amazon.  They said it was not a qualified seller.  Amazon should also tell buyers that if you purchase this item on Amazon, the company will not honor the 4 year warranty.
This item did not work out of the box. I returned it. Should be no stars.
I USED THIS HAIRDRYER FOR THE FIRST TIME IN A HYATT HOTEL IN DENVER COLORADO, AND THE RESULTS WERE UNBELIEVABLE!!  THE AMOUNT OF TIME TO BLOW DRY MY LONG HAIR WAS APPROXIMATELY FIVE MINUTES !MY HAIR WAS SO FULL OF BODY AND SHINY--I DIDN'T CARE WHAT THE PRICE WAS TO GET ONE (AND FIGURING THE HYATT USED IT, I WAS READY FOR STICKER SHOCK!) I COULD NOT BELIEVE THAT I FOUND IT ON AMAZON FOR $19.00. IT IS SO WORTH EVERY DOLLAR--I HAVE TOLD AS MANY PEOPLE AS POSSIBLE (AND THEY LOOK AT ME LIKE I'M CRAZY!)THE ADDED BONUS IS THE RETRACTABLE CORD AND FOLDING HANDLE--I HAVE HIT THE LOTTERY!
The dryer is small but packs enough punch for my wife.  Installed the unit when we remodeled in 1998 and it just died this morning.  I'm buying another - since it will slide right into the space vacated by the old one I won't have any wallpaper issues to contend with and, for $20, its hard to beat the value.
I bought this hair dryer to replace one that is so loud, it's making me deaf.  On high setting, the 1069S is not quiet, but it is quieter than my previous one.  The low hum of the motor also make it more bearable.  More importantly, the high/hot setting does not produce the type of heat the can burn the scalp if left in one place too long.  Yet, it still dries my hair like my old one.  I'd give it a 5 star if it was quieter like it's advertized.
It's cheap, small, doing job (enough power). It may be good for trip, but the hotel I stay usually has a dryer, so I don't bring it. If you look for a compact dryer, then this is a perfect model as that price.
I have used three of these.  The first two each lasted a year before shorting out.  I kept buying them because I liked the cordkeeper function.  This last one, though, shorted out and started a fire.  I have notified the company and will see what happens.  But I doubt that I will purchase another.  It's obvious that this product has an engineering or manufacturing flaw and should be pulled off the market.
I found this hair dryer to be much bigger then anticipated.  The cord does not retract completely and has to be pushed in by hand <br />for the last few inches.  It is heavy and the handle is very bulky.
I looked at local retail stores and couldn't find wall mount units.  Don't know why anyone would want one just lying on the counter.  I was skeptical of the Ionic feature, but I believe my hair feels softer and less straw-like after using this dryer.  Feels well made and should last.  At first I thought the high speed wasn't powerful enough, but I think the quietness of this unit is deceptive.  It's really blowing as much air as my old dryer, which was good, but it's so much quieter that you think it's not as powerful.  The night light is quite bright and is a pleasing green, but I wish I could turn it off during the daytime.
A colleague bought one of these and raved about it.  I borrowed it so my wife could try: yes, it is lightweight... but so are most $20 hairdryers.  Wife said it didn't dry any faster, didn't impress her as being anything special.  Someone is laughing hard all the way to the bank with this.
This dryer conked out after I had it only four months. Don't buy it.
2 weeks after I ordered this hairdryer it stopped blowing hot air. It also is much heavier than most hairdryers, and, when it was working,  I really didn't notice a big difference between this hairdryer and regular(non-ionic), less expensive dryers.
I had wanted a hair dryer for xmas which I got. I was so happy that way I didn't have to be under a hooded hair dryer. Well every time I have used it and it's not many, I put the hair dryer on medium heat and it will be okay for a couple of minutes, 5 minutes and automatically shut off. What the hell. Now I have curlers in my hair and this thing decides to shut off when it feels like. This is going straight back to the store. This is the worst hair dryer.  <br />                    Signed wet hair.
I purchased one of these hair dryers and I love what it does for my hair.  The difference between the T3 and my Remington is a salon quality blow out and my worst hair day.  Only problem, a year after I bought it, it quit working.  I may have gotten a knockoff.  Since I couldn't register it, I'm screwed on the warranty and have to buy a new one.  I believe I probably got a defective one but for $50 more, buy one from Sephora where you can register it.  It's worth it!!!!
Very nice, sleek design.  I just got it, haven't used it yet but the design itself makes it one of the best ones out there, if not the best.  The only thing that it is missing: a folding handle.
first of all , let me be clear that the materials used in this dryer are NOT first quality....on the other hand the design is extraordinary.......i use mine on a daily basis and , provided you use them with (extra) care they will last more than a year......repairable?......dont think about it .if you open the folding handle, it will break apart in your hands.......i believe its components are so cheap that they do not resist being taken apart.....this product has been (since the begining)assembled in south america, just to seek the cheapest manufacturing process.
The retractable cord is wonderful.  The air power is good and it does a nice job drying your hair.  As mentioned by others, it is heavy.  The handle is also clumsy to hold, especially for someone with small hands.  <br /> <br />My main objection is that it is much too loud and for that reason alone I would not buy it again.
Loved the lightweight and compactible dryer until stopped working about 4 months after purchase date. It would stop in the middle of drying my hair and then go on and off every few seconds. Very annoying. I will not buy another.
This was a fine dryer, but I returned it. It simply wasn't as quiet as I hoped. i ended up going to a drugstore in town and plugging in all the dryers. The one I purchased was also ionic, but much quieter owing to the fact that it had three speeds and two heat settings. That means I can keep the middle speed and the cold heat setting, and it's much quieter than other dryers I tried.
I have enjoyed my T3 dryer, and so far has lived up to being very quiet and fast drying. Was disappointed to find out that T3 would not accept the serial number for registration, as it was not legitimate. So I don't know if my dryer is a fake or not.....
I can't say that I have any complaints about the way this product works. My expectations have been met. However, I was very disappointed that they would not honor the warranty because they said that Amazon is not an authorized seller. When I paid $160.00 for a hair dryer, I hoped I could get a warranty.
good price for perfectly functioning hair dryer - ions seem to control frizziness somewhat
I'm nervous because even though this hair dryer dried my hair faster (you should blot before using it though), better and softer than the typical one that I'd been using, other reviewers have mentioned their ones shutting off and overheating, and I'm wondering how long mine will last. But I'll buy another one, should mine act up.
This hair dryer really dose make your hair softer, I have had it a month now and I use it only if I have wet hair before bed or going out and it only takes about 5 min to dry my hair (my older one took 30) I highly recimend it.
Ordered this product without reading other reviews first.  Wish I had because these ladies are dead on.  The dryer cuts off as soon as it starts to get hot.  Don't waste your time or money.  It's Saturday.  My hair is wet and set, and I'm left without a dryer.  I've tried three times: twice on high and once on medium setting.  I'm sending this back right away.  Amazon don't let Conair blame this on you.  This model is DEFECTIVE!
This is an exceptional value for an exceptional dryer.  I have paid alot more for more well known, brand named dryers.  I have long THICK hair and this product dries my hair in half the time other dryers have done in the past.  Buy this hair dryer, you won't be sorry.
Good product - if you keep the setting on Low it is pretty quiet, however once you kick it into that High gear, the noise level increases significantly.  No complaints though, dries hair well.
I bought this dryer to replace my 10 year old conair, when it gets hot it would stop.  Good thing I didn't throw it away. This cordkeeper only worked for about 4 months.  It is also very LOUD! ALmost hurt my ears to use it
this is a good product, especially for the price - quite powerful, i like the folding handle and retractable cord and it doesn't eat my hair.  My only complaint is it has shut off once or twice on its own.  It came back on after a minute, but it makes me wonder about its longevity.
It's good for the value; but bonnet pulls with the weight of the hose and drying time is not as fast as with an upright dryer.
I have thick, not coarse, but not silky hair.  I rarely blow dry my hair since it takes so long (maybe 7-10 minutes) with my old hair dryer, and I thought it made my hair coarser.  I decided to give the ion thing a try though, and it was the best investment (in time) ever.  It only takes  two or three minutes on high speed, medium heat to dry an entire head of shoulder-length hair!  (I don't blow until it's bone dry, just dry to the touch.)  After the first time, my hair was super soft.  After the second time, it got even softer and I thought it had more body too.  I've only had it a week, so we'll see how it holds up, but the ions really do work.  I'll probably never air dry again!
This hairdryer works exceptionally well, and dries my hair in about half the time (10 minutes).  The only downside is that it is noticeably heavier than a regular dryer.
Well, I finally got tired of the clutter associated with my wife's hair dryer on the bathroom counter and started looking for wall mounted units.  At the time, the Jerdon 1600W had all good reviews and was one of the least expensive options.  We liked its clean and symmetric design better than its competitors.  Anyhow, after 6 weeks of daily use, it still works fine--according to my wife.  It has plenty of power and does have a switch on the handle for off/low/med/high.  If it is on when you try to hang it onto the wall base, it automatically flips the switch to the 'off' position.  Most importantly (to me) the bathroom looks clean and uncluttered and I can use the countertop once again.  The only thing that seems a little strange in my home bathroom (rather than a hotel) is that First Class is printed on the handle (as can be seen in the photo).
All in all, it's  a good little hair dryer.  It doesn't blow as hot as my older dryers, but it dries my hair fast and with less sweating on my part!!  The retractable cord is kind of sluggish & doesn't retract all the way.  But it's still an improvement over regular cords that were always getting tangled up with my curling iron cord. The folding handle definitely makes it easier to pack.  I'm not real sure if I notice much difference with frizz. Maybe a little better. The only negative comment I can make is that it's very LOUD!
I owned a Jerdon 1600W wall-mount dryer for 4 years till it finally died of every day normal usage. I then bought this $16.99 model from Amazon that was received DOA. My replacement dryer from Amazon lasted only one week till it went pop and smoked in my hand! Amazon won't send a third replacement but they did refund my credit card. I don't know if the other Jerdon 1600W dryer that Amazon sells at $34.95 is any better(?).
This hair dryer worked well for a few weeks, and I was impressed with the speed I could dry my hair and the softness from the Ionic stuff.  However, after a few weeks of use it broke.  It over-heated and then the off switch wouldn't work, so whenever it was plugged in, it was on!  Very disappointed, as I was enjoying my new dryer!
I purchased this dryer in July of 2005.  On Feb 1 of 2006 this dryer sent out sparks and the coils inside were red hot.  I used this once a day almost every day.  I will not be buying another Jerdon hair dryer.
This product is a nightmare! The bonnet refused to completely fill with air and the hose is stiff and not long enough. The bonnet is also made of tissue thin plastic and if the unit would work correctly, the bonnet would most likely not even last a year's worth of use. I patched the hose on my 23 year old general electric hair dryer{which is still working} and decided to deep six the piece of junk!  SAVE YOUR MONEY AND DON'T BUY THIS PRODUCT!
Seemed to work OK at first although I didn't notice much improvment in speed of drying. It is lightweight and easy to handle -- but it is hotter than I'm used to. After 6 months, my hair started to feel dry and had zero shine. My hair had always been very healthy and shiny before. My hair stylist noticed it and couldn't figure out what was wrong. After about 9 months, I switched back to my old hairdryer and my hair was instantly healthy and shiny again. Maybe this hairdryer is good for some people but it was bad for me, and costly!
I like the product. However, having purchased it from Amazon.com, T3 will not allow me to register my product for future warranty because they claim Amazon.com is not an authorized dealer. For such an expensive every day product, a warranty would be nice to have in case anything were to go wrong. I received an email from T3 and a call back both confirming that they do not consider Amazon.com an authorized dealer. When I called Amazon, they had never heard of such a thing. Amazon.com offered to exchange my featherweight tourmaline dryer with another but that did not resolve my issue. I cannot get my T3 Tourmaline Featherweight 83808 hair dryer covered by T3's warranty because it was purchased through Amazon.com.
I bought this dryer to replace another professional dryer I had.  I was so surprised at how light and quiet it is!  When I first opened the box, I didnt think it was going to work as well as it claimed because it felt like a toy. But, I am very pleased with the results.  It dries my hair faster, my arm doesnt get tired because its SO light, I can still hear my house phone ring because its so quiet, and it stays cool to the touch so you wont burn yourself. It will even straighten dry hair (for those mornings when you need a touch-up.) My whole curly-haired family has tryed the Tourmaline and loved it!
When my toddler is sick with a cold, I don't want him to go to bed after his bath with towel dried, damp hair but he was afraid of our regular hair dryer. He is definitely less afraid of this one which is a huge plus. I use it myself and find that it doesn't take me any longer to dry my hair than usual. I also like that it is lightweight. I can't compare it to other hair dryers that claim to be super quiet. However, I would say that is misleading. It is not super quiet, but it is more quiet than our regular hair dryer. A negative for me is the placement of the control/setting buttons. They are right where I place my fingers to grip the base of the dryer and because the switch sort of softly rolls up down to change from both high-medium-low and from cool-warm-hot, I often unintentionally switch from hot to cold. I had to concentrate to hold my fingers away from the switches, away from where they would naturally rest. This hair dryer's switches should be made in such a way that they do not change so easily. A more gear-like switch (that firmly clicks and stays into separate positions) might have solved this design problem.
