BEST BLOWDRYER for NATURAL GIRLS. I Never use anything else
A little heavy for a travel dryer
very fast drying experience!
Pleased with packaging and shipping. Pleased with product. Its better than our other brands and love how fast it dries my hair and leaves it less frizzy.
I've used this dryer for over a year now and I think it works really well. I don't find any difference between this dryer and normal dryer but it blow dries  my hair really quickly and has options for cold and hot air.
Noisy. I don't see anything professional about this dryer.
This is one powerful hair dryer. The heat can be controlled along with the height and hood position.
THIS ISTHE BEST  DRYER I HAVE EVER USED
I was skeptical to think that an expensive hair dryer could be better than my basic, cheapie Conair I had been using, but it totally works!  It's alot heavier than I thought it would be but you don't have to hold it as long because my hair actually dried faster.  I got lured in by the coupon but it was still alot to spend.  My hair was healthier, indeed shinier and less frizzy after blow-drying.  I wasn't exactly sure how to use all the nozzle attachments and when to use which for what, but I'm still experimenting.
Love this dryer the best that I have found so far.
Pro:  lightweight, good power, less frizzies<br />Con:  have to unplug nightlight in bathroom to accommodate the large GFC plug of dryer
It is heavier than expected and doesn't feel balanced in my hand.  The opening and attachments are smaller than our previous Remington, which is what I was trying to replace.  It is okay, but I don't think I would buy the same model again.
Good
I was iffy after I ordered this product with all the horrible things that were said about it, but I really like this hair dryer.  I only use the cold settings to dry my hair in general.  I am already using it for a few months and I love it.  Don't depend on what people have to say unless you try it.  Unless of course it is all bad.
The picture of the product is deceptive. I bought it on Amazon and what I received was a very cheap looking product. The instructions on how to hang it on the wall is also very confusing. I am concerned about the safety of this product so I have stopped using it. Now I am left with a cheap dryer that I am never going to use. I wish I can return it back without paying a ton on shipping.
Very powerful for a small hair dryer.  Bought this solely to use when I travel, because not all places provide a hair dryer.  But the places that do provide a hair dryer, the quality is poor.  So...bought one for myself and love it!  Especially the pink color and small little zebra print carrying case.
I love my Andis Ceramic blow dryer. Not only does it get our hair dry quickly but it also straightens at the Sam's time. Can't get no better for me and my family. Quick and easy!
The best hair dryer I ever used!!
Very light weight, easy to use with one hand as you round brush with the other... and overall was above my expectations!
Love this hairdryer! So fast and light. Cut styling time in half
This is the best blow dryer I ever purchased. I have very thick long hair. With this dryer it dried in no time
wonderful hair dryer and at a good price
I bought this. Broke. Decided to give a second chance because I loved how compact it is and it is off counter. I have had a new one for 4 mos now and my 2nd one broke. Says I cannot return so now I am out 2 dryers and spent over $70 - will never buy another one. Terrible product
For the price, this hair buyer is wonderful. My hair is seriously prone to being frizzy, and with (1) being tourmaline ceramic, (2) having a warm setting as well as a cool and hot, and (3) having a concentrator, my hair has started acting much better. It's also fairly quiet. The lack of five stars is because it isn't particularly easy to store; it barely fits in the normal-size drawer, and including the diffuser, concentrator, and a hairbrush, it can be challenging to fit it in the drawer. Definitely a wonderful buy, though.
excellent
I'm profesional hairstylist and i love it.
I bought this hair dryer several years ago and really loved it, so when it stopped working recently due to a loose connection in the GFCI plug I knew I had to purchase it again.  The retractable cord is just brilliant -- every hair dryer should have this feature.  The cool shot button is handy to help set your style.  And the diffuser attachment is just *fabulous*, with air being directed in and through the prongs as well as around them to provide more even heat and air distribution.  I am so glad Conair is still making this model and that Amazon carries it.
Powerful!
It certainly works okay, but !<br /><br />It's very big, it's quite heavy and you'll need to have a good memory to remember all of the functions.<br />I would say this one has been &#34;Over Engineered&#34; in the extreme and I'm sure as I will, many will go back to their lighter and simpler to use unit.<br />A speed, cool and perhaps two or three heat settings are I'm sure is what most of us need and want and I feel this baby has just got too many functions to be practical.<br />Luckily, I purchased this on a very special Amazon Deal, but truthfully I will just keep this one as a spare.
Handy little blowdryer, better than leaving one plugged in on vanity! Not alot of power though
Best hairdryer ever!
good product
excelent fast.  love it
This i gave as gift & it blew up within one month!!!!
It is good and I am satisfied
I like everything about it except for the night light.  It is too bright for me.
I love the convenience of not sitting in one spot. But the front part of my hair never dries but the back and sides dries in no time at all.
Purchased this over two months ago and it is the best hairdryer I've ever used!! I get disappointed whenever I use any other hair dryer because it's simply not the same! Very strong power, dries hair fast and easily. Perfect temperature for me as well. Very happy with my purchase! Thank you!
Nice &#34;bang for the buck&#34;!  Only negative: the back end sieve fills up w/dust and hard to clean...
It's perfect!  Adjustable hood height and plenty of room for a head full of rollers!
Wife love the style and performance.
Phenomenal product
Excellent and very durable hairdryer. This is a heavy quality dryer; no cheap light-weight plastic here. Comes with 2 attachments. Would be nice if it came with a retractable cord, but money well spent nonetheless.
It works as it should be working
I want to  return this because it does not have a plug.
It is a little heavier than most hair dryers I have had. I like the fact that high heat does not burn and it has very powerful air flow.  Wish it wasa little lighter weight.
Spectacular, light-weight, compact and an outstanding price!  I purchased two!!
ANOTHER BLOW DRYER THAT CAUSES FLYAWAY HAIR AND THE FRIZZIES!  I WISH SOMEONE KNEW OF A MINI DRYER THAT ACTUALLY STRAIGHTENS BANGS!  UNFORTUNATELY, THIS DRYER DOES NOT DO THE TRICK, I AM SORRY TO SAY!
Burned out about 4 months after I bought it. Total bummer. I have used Conait hair dryers for years and never had an issue before. This one was a bust :-(
Low noise good hair dryer
A little noisy, but powerful, small enough to pack. Cord is a bit on the short side, but it's perfect for my use.
Lasted only a few months before it died. Simply stopped working both the motor and the heating. During the time that it worked, average product. Not the best but not the worst.
I had a Remington dryer before this that lasted 5 years. I have thick, super long hair, so I needed something powerful that wouldn't leave my arms sore from an hour's worth of styling. My old hair dryer did the job in less than 15 minutes - it was miraculous.<br /><br />The new line stinks, period. Instead of staying consistently hot, it cycles through heat settings (including cold). The cord is also much shorter than before - a pain for tall women. The newest development with my dryer is sparks SHOOTING OUT from the dryer INTO my hair. Um, hello?! I've had this for 8 months, and I use it anywhere from 1-3 times a week for 20 minutes or less.<br /><br />Two stars because it is still fairly powerful, and drying time isn't insanely long. I want to love this dryer... I just wish the old version was still available.
I couldn't find a blow dryer this would stay on without popping off. I went through about 5 different ones.
Just received, neither of the accessories would fit on the dryer. I would not recommend this to anyone.
Works fine.
Pleased with my new Conair hair dryer and the option for choices on level of drying. I am a little disappointed that occasionally the cord &#34;hangs up&#34; as it is retracting and is very difficult to start again.
This works for me. I like a small hairdryer. It is plenty powerful and plenty pink!
Worked perfect!
Powerful and small. Like the compact convenience of it and am happy this dryer doesn't take over my drawer space.
exactly what I needed. love it.
This is the best of hair dryer. Light weight, efficient, dual voltage and work fine
I don't believe the hair dryer is worth the price. All I can say is that it did not out perform my 5-year old, $30 CONAIR that I purchased from Target.
Good!
Not as powerful as advertised.  Air force is weak.  For price you get what you get.
i love my hair dryer. my hair does dry in less time.
Works as well as more expensive products of similar type.
I've owned and used this dryer daily for the last 12 years. Works well on my wavy average thick hair. Its sturdy and dang near indestructible because its been dropped plenty of times. I've never considered getting a different one until recently, I think the motor is about to give up the ghost because it shoots out sparks (not to worry, I have not started on fire or lost any hair) but I am noticing more frizz than I have in the past. Only complaint is that the filter can not be completely removed to clean it out (has a cover but it doesn't really do much, lots of lint still gets in there). We have to use a q-tip and canned air spray to try and remove the lint. I am going to upgrade and see what that gets me. Buying: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00SKQFT4I/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o00_s00?ie=UTF8&psc=1 Will let you know how it compares in a week or so.
As an international traveler, I love the Dual Voltage!!
The heat did not last for long, just cold air blows.  The dryer is stylish and the attachment does not fall off.  It is sad the heat stopped within a week.
Dryer does not put out the heat as compared to the dryer it is replacing.  Blows strong but not hot enough.  The $20 Conair at Costco puts out more heat than this product.
This gives one choice of heat and power. It is fast and nice
The locking mechanism on the hose is not stable enough to hold the hose securely. If I make a sudden move the hose pops off
When this arrived i didn't even open it for a couple weeks, but as soon as i went to use it, it only blows cold air!
Very light, fries my hair quickly. Like the cool button.
A couple of things to think about before buying this dryer. First, the cord is pretty short. It's about 3 feet, and 1/3 of it does not retract (by design); so, about a foot of the cord hanging even when you are not using the dryer. Second, the there's no temperature setting, and the temperature is very low. If you have long hair, it takes a long time to dry it. For the price, this dryer is not bad, but for these reasons, I bought a different dryer. This dryer is now in the guess bathroom.
I liked the hair dryer it. It is like the ones at the hair salon.
My only complaint is that the extension does not clip on. Whenever I put the dryer away, the piece falls off and I have to go fishing for it. Other than that, it is light weight and cuts dry time. The highest heat setting is HOT.
Love this blow dryer.  Hair so much easier to manage with this dryer than my old that just got &#34;hot&#34;.
I loved it
Hi, would have given it a 5-star, as it worked really well and was powerful yet quiet.  Unfortunately, not even a year old and with no warning, one day the on/off switch no longer flicked on and off (like a spring had broken inside or something) and I had to throw it away.  Also, the filter is not easily accessible, like with some hair dryers that have a trap door that opens so you can reach them.  The only way to clean the filter is trying to shove a paper clip or pipe cleaner in between the vent slots and see if you can somehow pick the hair/dust out of the filter.
Nice hairdryer. Simple and solid. I use mine for drying off my goldendoodle when she's been out in the rain.
I really like it for a couple of reasons. The size and also the blower, it is the best I have ever used.<br />One problem, I had one before this order and it only lasted a year.
Works really well, and fun colors
For commercial setting they are neat and clean but with heavy everyday use they get about 1-1.5 years before burning out. Very happy with the product and would recommend them to other businesses. I will be purchasing more in the future!
The hairdryer was good while it lasted but has now burnt out. Dead in under two years. I bought it for $26.75 two years ago on Amazon Prime and now it seems tripple the price! How is that even possible?
Excellent hair dryer. I love it because I can get very high heat on a low or high blow setting. Also it cools down quickly on the cool air setting to lock in styles. Just enough blow power and plenty of choices for temp and speed. Easy to handle.
Works well , used for a whole 2 hours to dry some stuff.
Received a replacement for this one that exploded about 4-6 months ago and that also blew up yesterday....if you use a hairdryer every day this is not the one for you. It would stop half way through drying (and it takes less then ten minutes to dry my hair) and I would have to let it cool off before it would restart. Glad I never mounted it.
Just what I was wanting!!!
Work really nice is awesome. .....
I bought this exact hairdryer more than 5 years ago and I had to buy it again. It's efficient and travels well!
I wish I had this dryer forever!
Love, love, love it!!! Very comfortable to use, controls in the right spot and dries my hair quickly and leaves it smooth and shiny!!! VERY happy!!! And it has sparkles... :D
I have always had excellent luck with Conair hair dryers.  My previous one lasted over five years!  I have been using this one for a week so far and I love it.  It is lightweight and dries your hair quickly (without making you feel like you are going through a wind tunnel).  It is a little smaller than my old dryer, so it would also be useful for travel.  Very nice.
EXCELLENT
This is a nice tiny size for traveling, but I returned it because it does not have a &#34;cool shot&#34; button.
Really nice product, but some times the cord retainer button not working properly
I bought this because my older Conair caught on fire one morning, after about 6 years of use. I needed something quick and inexpensive. That is what this is. The diffuser is not well conceived, the directional is poorly done. The airflow is slow, and the dryer doesn't seem to get hot enough. This worked well enough in a pinch, but is not my recommended choice for everyday use.
Very nice. I love the different heat settings and the noise level is really low compared to my old Conair hair dryer
It is tiny and lightweight but very powerful. It is perfect for travel.
Doesn't over dry my hair!  Love it!
The only reason why I bought this blow dryer was that my other hair dryer gave out on me and due highly to the reviews.  The positive reviews were right on with the product.  I would highly recommend this product to the 3 settings for your hair and the add-on.
Momma loved it :)
This hair dryer is light weight and works awesome! I love the multiple settings and the size for travel. So far no issues.
Works well!
very good working and I like me hear after the ions
Excellent, but noisier than I thought.
Best hairdryer I've ever had, love the ease of cord retraction.
Works fine, I just wish there was a cool setting for those hot days you have to blow dry your hair. It also seems like it doesn't get as hot as my other hair dryer this size.
Bought this for $20 on Amazon (sale?).  Nice and quiet compared to the one my wife used to use.  I'm surprised more women don't have hearing loss from all the noise of these things.
Gets my hair dry. Folds up neatly. But it didn't do anything extra special to my hair. It's a hair dryer...and it dried my hair. It gets the job done n fits in my luggage. So it does what it's supposed to do.
The heat setting is only two it said it would have four not happy
Tons of power! I love this blow dryer! Worth the higher price!
Lightweight and efficient. This is a good buy on a solid dryer that should last for years.
granddaughter loves it
good
Very Good
Love our hair dryers. They are out of the way yet within reach.
This is by far the best hair dryer I have ever owned!  I have curly hair and have found that the diffuser that comes with it is the best for making my hair have the best curls.  I had actually purchased two other hair dryers (one specifically for curly hair) and they didn't work at all!  The diffuser on this dryer is the perfect size to get all of my thick hair.  Not only that, the hair dryer doesn't blow my hair all around when trying to get the right curls.  I also love the cool setting feature on the dryer.  You won't regret purchasing this hair dryer!
good
Sturdy, not heavy and easy to use.
Good product
The dryer works very well. The only issue I have is, the bonnet is a bit small and it's too tight. There is no way to loosen the string.
I'm a professional and have used this dryer daily for years. Mine recently died so bought another one. Reasonable price too.
excellent: compact and very powerful.
dries your hair very quickly,I am very happy with this product
Seems to work okay. I haven't really had the chance to try it out yet. I pulled it out of the box and tested it, so for now its okay. The hair dryer and attachments are much smaller than I imagined. Its a normal size hair dryer, however I'm used to a much bigger one by Revlon. Hopefully this one matches up well to the standards of the Revlon products. I figured I couldn't beat the price....
Good
good buy for the money.  Works perfectly.
It's ok but I was expecting it to have more power. Very expensive and same power as the previos model. I kept it because I don't have time to shop around, otherwise, it would had gone back.
This hair dryer worked perfectly on my recent trip to Holland, Belgium, France, and England.  There was no converter needed, just an outlet adapter when switched on the 250 V mode and used only on the low setting.  To clarify, you can ONLY use it on the LOW setting, however on the low setting it runs like it is on high - very easy, and worked perfectly.  It is also extremely compact for easy packing, but still worked like a bigger, nice hair dryer.  Hope this helps someone :)
Met my expectations.
GIVEN AS A GIFT AT CHRISTMAS... AWESOME PRODUCT, MY SISTER LOVES IT AND SHE HAS EXTREMELY FRIZZY HAIR.
I realized a bit too late in my adult life that a good blow-dryer makes all the difference in the look and feel of your hair. I simply could not figure out why my hair was always kind of &#34;sticky&#34; and not quite fully dry when I got out of the shower and tried to dry my hair with my 5+ year old Conair that I bought at CVS very inexpensively.<br />I did some research online and scoffed at the $150+ dryers that were being promoted. This one was on the list, and honestly, given the relatively lower price point versus the other professional dryers, I was willing to try it out.<br />WOW. I have used it now about 3 times, and it is hard to believe what a significant difference I see in my hair. I styled it myself for a formal Gala event, and was able to achieve the shiny look, feel, and volume in my hair that any professional stylist could achieve. It was unreal. Even on a work day I feel so much better about myself having simply styled my hair with this blow dryer. It targets the hot hair wonderfully and leaves my hair so dry, shiny and healthy.<br />I went back and ordered one to send to my mom! She is also a victim of ignorance-to-bad-dryer-itis, so I went ahead and sent her the cure.<br />Happy Drying!
This hair dryer has a a short cord and you have to have it close too a plug. The other other issue is the on and off switch and the temperature level are too close to where you hold the dryer and the buttons switch on and off all the time.  It's hard to hold the dryer.
I absolutely love it!
I'm using this for about a month and its perfect!!!! Fast dryer ever, doesn't harm your hair and the result is like a pro.
This product is very good.
Bonnet was very tight around the head. I took the elastic out and replaced it with some 1/4 inch elastic material purchased from Walmart, taping it to some automotive wire and threading through the bonnet. Now my wife likes it very much.
I purchased this hair dryer after it was recommended by a friend.  I absolutely love it!  I have long hair and have never been able to dry my hair as quickly as I can with this hair dryer.  I can't say enough good things about it and highly recommend it to anyone!
We bought two wall mount hairdryers to install at a vacation rental.  They work well and are attractive.  They are small, don't take up too much wall space and leaves the counter top clear.  It was a good choice for us.
As a bald man, I love this hair dryer. It helps my wife dry her hair in a fair amount of time, less than her previous hair dryer. Seems to work pretty good. Typically loud when on, so I leave the room. Also, of note, this hair dryer does not have an actual turbo despite the product description. I feel like this is either false advertising and I have been duped, or the seller has no idea what the hell a turbo actually is. Turbos are found on internal combustion engines, both gasoline and diesel. If 'turbo' is meant to mean something like &#34;strong wind&#34;, they should have used a word like Kyōfū, which is Japanese for &#34;strong wind&#34;. Or maybe the German word for &#34;hair dryer&#34;, which is föhn. Either way, don't be fooled. There is no actual turbo, &#34;quiet fan and motor&#34; is subjective. It is loud. And I have not tested the &#34;lifeline shock protection&#34;. I would hope it works, but after the other misleading information, your results may vary.
Compact and easy to use
My daughter says that it is easy to use and is fine.
little bit heavier than expected.
Love it....
I love my new Rusk! It is a little heavier than I thought it would be, but it is easy to hold. The 4 attachments make any style possible.
The hair dryer is quiet and powerful enough to dry my hair, however, the on/off switch stopped working the first day. I did not want to go through taking it off the wall and send it back so I am using this item by plugging and unplugging the hair dryer as needed for use. The switch should last years, but didn't even work for one day.
LOVE this hairdyer!!  Dries my hair in half the time, is so quiet and light in weight.  My girlfriend has owned this dryer for years and always has it with her when we travel together.  After our last vacation together I decided it was time I owned my own!
So far used only one time, but I liked how it handled and it did a good job.
I'm so glad that I finally got one of these for home. Works really well, not too loud and my hair doesn't feel fried like a hand-dryer. My only suggestion is getting a weight to add to the base because it can tip over easier than it should.
It made my hair very puffy...very, very, way too puffy
Yes the blow dryer works well to dry my  hair , but it didn't leave my hair smooth without frizz . It was also awkward to handle , the nozzle is long . I will go back to my old hair dryer !
Dry that hair for less than $13...
This is a wonderful hair dryer. I would recommend to anyone.
If you want it to de-frizz and smooth your hair and straighten it then it is a 5 star purchase.
well, it just didn't turn on after a year of use. it wasn't dropped or near to a water or anything that might've caused it to malfunction.<br /><br />As i was getting ready for my day, it just didn't turn on. i tried to troubleshoot it, reset, use a different plug etc. no luck.
Excellent, perfect amount of air speed without blowing your hair everywhere like the newer high speed dryers. My second purchase.
pricey but excellent dryer. I like quality items.
Best I've ever bought. I have long thick hair and it only takes about 5-7 minutes to dry with this blow dryer.
Love this little blow dryer, works like a regular size dryer!!!
ABSOLUTELY LOVE NEW HAIR DRYER!!!<br />Exactly what I was wanting, my hair is thick and short and this hair dryer is amazing at getting my hair dried quick!!!
Bonnet too tight!
Best hairdryer ever!!!
Love it! It has a lot of power and works very well.
Awesome in perfect condition the box was a little beat up but the product is fantastic
This is a nice sized hairdryer and has been working for about six months with daily use. My only complaint is I have thick hair so I wish it had a little more power and ran a little more hot like some of my other hair dryers.
Very nice, compact, high quality dryer with good controls - a good value.
Works well, good power, able to dry hair quickly.
When I touched the box I knew right then and there that something doesn't feel right. It didn't feel like a brand new box and when I opened it up my suspicion was confirmed. I have received a used or return product when I paid for a new one. The hair dryer had marks on it from previous use. I'm not happy about this.  UPDATE: I decided to use it anyways but it wouldn't even work. I tried resetting and testing it but it won't even turn on. The buttons are very cheaply made. When I moved the buttons it felt like it would fall apart. Very disappointed.
I use it daily. It's good and value for money.
Do yourself a favor and buy this right now.
It's a really good value for the money.  It is a bit heavier than I am used to and if just got s bit hotter it would be perfect
This is the best compact hairdryer i ever purchased. So much power.
A good piece of kit. I chose it for my wife she loves it. So powerful that she rarely uses it on full power (2 wiggles)
Nice hair dryer but very heavy.
Ok.... It really dosent get that hot.
It's really pretty and useful! The delivery is fast! Thanks
The power of the dryer seems less than I would have thought.  Still nice.
Love this hair dryer.
This blow dryer seemed to be just what I wanted, but was a huge disappointment.  It is very loud as I think one reviewer stated.  That I could deal with but that was just one small detail.  The attachment for the hair curling I could not work, although that may just be me.  The settings for the hot and cold on this are right at the finger tips where you hold the dryer.  Therefore, if you are not careful you will be drying on warm instead of high.  You start wondering why its not getting dry.  I have had to change it back as many as 20 times in one hair drying session.  And now the last and & most frustrating feature of the dryer.  The concentrated hair drying attachment that was stated in the description of the product as coming off for easy cleaning, unlike most other models.  Well yes, it does come off for easy cleaning alright, it just blows it across the room as you are drying your hair.  You just don't want anyone else in the room with you for you never know where the line of fire may be.  It blows off with quite a force so I am sure it would hurt someone, particularly a small child.  I owned a Vidal Sassoon Dryer before but never one like this.  I cannot recommend this product and will not purchase another one of this brand.  It was inexpensive so I guess its true, you get what you pay for.  Not worth paying return shipping so I use it as it is until my new one arrives.
So powerful and light ,for that price it left behind all expensive Italian hairdryers
the quality is very good
Love this dryer especially the cool setting which I use for the first week after I color my hair.  It's lightweight and doesn't make a lot of noise.
Another device that is a powerhouse in a small package.  I had a very expensive white designer hairdresser before this and it still took forever to dry hair, and got so hot doing so that kids and pets yowl.  This dryer works in record time, blows the moisture out like those car dryer things at the car wash, and doesn't burn hair or scalp doing so.  It is also fairly quiet for the power.  I am not a pro hairdresser so can't speak for that, but for the family bath night, it is fast without the  furious.
Product arrived in perfect condition and have had no issues since it arrived.  It was packaged very sustainably and safely. Am very satisfied with customer service.  Totally worth the wait!<br />My girlfriend absolutely loved this as a gift! She said the dryer is powerful enough but not hot enough to damage hair will leaving smooth hair and preventing split ends from fraying from the intense heat of a competitor.  If you have a significant other with delicate hair this is definitely worth the price and wait.  It will pay itself back in no time!<br />I say it's worth the wait because you either have to save up enough money to purchase an item of this caliber and also because it is manufactured in Italy and takes about two weeks to arrive
Love having my hair dryer so handy.
As a professional makeup artist and hair stylist I invest in a lot of products. This hair dryer is really not my favorite. I usually hold it by the base when I'm drying a client's hair but it gets so hot that I have to hold it by the handle, but when I do that I'm touching all the buttons and turning stuff on and off on accident. Also, the part that holds the filter on the back of the dryer keeps falling off that I had to tape it and now it looks terrible but it's the only thing that holds the piece on. Not to mention the metal grate on the back that holds the filter in keeps caving in constantly. I feel like these are not meant for travel, which is funny because it's travel size. Maybe I got a bad batch or something.<br /><br />Yes it's a powerful driver, but this seems more like it's aimed at a consumer than a professional which is sad because I had many professionals reccomend it to me. I wouldn't reccomend this to traveling stylists, but maybe it works better if you have your own station.
good quality and lasts a long time...
Can a blow dryer be too powerful?.. the answer is yes.. it is very well made but it is so powerful if drys my hair so fast I can't style it with my round brush for a good blow out.. resulting in frizz that I have to correct with a flat iron.. this was on low setting.. the high setting might as well be a jet engine. . I'm keeping it to use on my poodle because she needs to be dryer quickly.. one major plus though it does not get very hot thus limiting the damage you will do.
Love this hair dryer!
Fantastic product and A++ transaction. I use mine evey day. Worth every penny.!!!!
Best and fast
It's fine.  Not much diff between warm and hot settings.  Pretty standard hair dryer.  Dries my hair- that's it.
good! cheap!
Decent hairdryer, but doesn't really help my hair's tendency to frizz. Also don't like the placement of the &#34;cool&#34; button, I'm always pressing it accidentally. Overall, fine but wouldn't buy again.
Fast shipping. Works wonderful for my curls.  My perm was mostly straight and dead looking and just using this once with the diffuser made my curls come back to life and the dry damaged hair look go away.  I highly recommend this.
Works as intended. No problems. This is replacing another just like it that we had and it lasted 7+ years. Can't ask for much more for a blow dryer in this price range.
Cord doesn't retract all the way
Silent, hot, and lightweight! So far so good. Very pleased at the price top!
I bought this to replace my &#34;Conair Infinity Pro&#34; hairdryer. What attracted me to this Andis was the &#34;salon grade&#34; and the ionic/ceramic attributes. Overall this is a good hair dryer, but it doesn't blow as hard as the Conair it replaced. This was HUGE for me, as I like a good air flow. It takes longer for my wife to dry her hair because of it, so we went back to our old brand. It does, however, leave your hair &#34;silkier&#34; which was a surprise to me. I didn't think an ionic dryer could do that, but it does. The two settings it has for wattage didn't seem to make much of a difference, but it's a nice touch. I'm sure there's a reason for the option, but I can't think of anything it's useful for. I put it on the high setting and let it go. The retractable cord is nice, but it doesn't reel the cord all the way in, leaving about 16in left dangling. After a few weeks of use, it reels in even less, now leaving about 20 or so inches hanging.<br /><br />Pro: Silky hair, somewhat retractable cord, two wattage settings (that I'll prob never use).<br />Con: Takes longer to dry long, thick hair as the air current isn't as strong as I'd like.<br /><br />I wouldn't buy this again or recommend it, but if you don't mind a slightly weaker air flow, the ionic silkiness is worth it.
Return is no longer needed
Nice velocity and doesn't get too hot.  Cold button a good feature.
as described
Did not like this at all. My hair took longer to dry and it was so loud!!! Returned immediately
LOVE THIS HAIR DRYER.. DRIES MY HAIR FAST AND LEAVES IT SMOOTH W NO NEED TO IRON IT.. LOVE DIFFERENT TEMP SETTINGS AND DEFINATELY WORTH EVERY PENNY.. MY  STYLIST OWNS THIS SAME ONE AND SAID THEY LAST A VERY VERY LONG TIME. LOVE IT..WOULD DEFINATELY BUY IT AGAIN IF I HAD TO.
Love the air pressure on this dryer!
This dryer was purchased last summer and safely stored while we moved. I pulled it out this January, and the low setting has already stopped working, while the high setting barely pushes out any air.  I'm now convinced this was a fake, and am sorely disappointed. Amazon is always our first stop for purchases such as these, and I've always been very happy with their customer service... I have a request for a refund in, and we'll see how this resolves.
I purchased this hair dryer because it was dual voltage, and I wished to use it in both the United Kingdom and France.  It has an American plug, but with a convertor for each country it worked wonderfully!  I could not be happier with this purchase.  Turns out we went to Italy too, and with the same French convertor, the dryer worked in Italy too.
I would recommend this product - compact and powerful - worth for money
works well. Shipping was spot on.
I didn't receive the straightening pic that came with the dryer.
love it love the arrival time as well.
Very short cord, was expecting much longer.
I purchased this from Target a little over three months ago (so, sadly I can't return it) and the heating element has already died. I like the folding and retractable cord features as well as the reasonable price, but it isn't a deal if you have to replace it every three months! I'll spend a little more next time and get a higher quality product.
been using this brand in my bathrooms for years.  easy to install.
Curly girls, you're hair will love this. Gives my curls volume without frizz. My hair dries quicker this this dryer, but it is not super hot. The shape of it allows you to shape your air while you dry it. If you have curly hair, get this now! I do wish it had some sort of attachment that was similar to a concentrator so I could blow dry parts of my hair out. You can take off the diffuser attachment but it's not hot enough or concentrated enough to make my hair do what I want for that type of style. I have to use a traditional dryer if I am doing something other than just being curly.
Premium hair dryer.  Does what the discription said it would.  Light, good looking and not cumbersome.
This is not the titanium nano portifino. If it is then it was either used or refurbished and not returned to is original state. It overheats and has damaged my hair because it is not working correctly. I know this because I also own the true black titanium nano portifino and it's an incredible hair dryer and my fiance is a stylist. Disappointed
Arrived before promised.  So far I am happy with the product.
I used to spend six hours doing my girls' naturally coily and kinky hair. Drying time has now been cut to an average if five minutes, which in turns means a styling time of two hours total on the girls. This dryer gave me my weekends back. Only down side is that the ones I've had go out after roughly two years. I'm on my third t3 since 2011.
I have very fine hair and it is not &#34;thick&#34;, so when I go outside on a humid day, the places where my hair is naturally curly curl up worse and the rest loses the style I intended when I left the house. Static was a big issue, so when shopping for a blower with high wattage, high heat (yes, I want HOT) and high velocity, I found this one hoping it would meet the requirements. I found it to be like most of the drug-store blowers in my blower-graveyard in the closet, going to the next garage sale. I just did not meet the expectations, not enough blow, heat and I still had frizzy static hair. It works and probably works just fine for those who have thick hair they don't want to damage, but my hair takes 2 minutes flat to dry and style. I did move on and purchased Onei MK-II for about $70 taking a really big chance. It blew me away literally and exceeded all expectations. So for fine hair users, it may be worthwhile to shop around since there are very few resources for our types.
Best hair dryer I have ever had.
Startlingly small and flimsy looking, with a thin plastic grill over the fan. But does a decent job, with good air on the high setting. I'd never rely on this for every day or for a long trip, but since it's so light and small, will keep it on hand for overnights.
very compact. Ideal for traveling.
I wanted a salon quality dryer and got it!  This dryer is fast, easy to work with, not too heavy and does a fantastic job.  Best I've ever owned.
works well, good ppwer, nice size for travel. would recommend it.
good as any other
Was not the red one I wanted, but is sufficient.
This dryer is just cheap.  Cheap, lightweight, plasticky feeling.  Granted, it IS all of those things but I have a much nicer travel hair dryer that doesn't feel like it is just going to snap in two...unfortunately my other one doesn't have a diffuser which is the sole reason I got this one.  But hey, it's only for travel...
Cheap blower dryer. It doesn't blow dry very hot air but I did buy it for a good price and it works. This is why I gave it 3 stars.
Small enough to travel but powerful, I like it better than my regular Revlon I was using for 3 years.
I just hate it! I gave away my Babyliss thinking this one is better. What a mistake!!! When I use it my hair gets opaque. I'm very disappointment and is too late to return it.
VERY HEAVY - seems to work well but wouldn't recommend for travel.
Wife loves it!
As of now no complaints, It's quiet and does the job.
The weight is inordinately heavy! Why? My old dryer weight was like nothing in comparison.<br />It does the job, but I'd recommend a lighter model to a friend.
The real product is bigger than I expected but it does make your hair look better comparing with other regular dryers. And I love the color!!!
My mom is a cosmetologist & has always supplied me with professional grade dryers for my thick, heavy hair. This one works better than any other professional dryer I have tried. The cost was more reasonable too.
The hair dryer works as expected.
With three teenage girls in the house, the hair dryer gets a lot of use. A LOT OF USE. We've blown through quite a few hairdryers - no pun intended. This one however, seems to be the clear winner. As a stylishly bald man, I can't personally vouch for it, but the female testimonials are unanimous... this is an excellent product.<br /><br />Full disclosure: the dog isn't a big fan, but she doesn't like baths much either, so can'r be surprised.
I bought this hairdryer more than year ago when my last one lit on fire. I choose this one because I know the Babyliss name and I loved the pattern. The pattern IS actually as cute as it looks in the picture.<br /><br />Weight: This dryer weighs about as much as a weighted tape dispenser. It feels like a professional hair dryer and is not easy to break.<br /><br />Design: The cord on the dryer is somewhat rigid and unwieldy. It became easier to wrangle when I bought Velcro ties for the cord (On Amazon: VELCRO Brand - ONE-WRAP Thin Self-Gripping Cable Ties: Reusable, Light Duty - 8&#34; x 1/2&#34; Ties, 100 Pack - Black)<br /><br />Speed of drying: I can't say much here. After all, it is just blowing hot air, but I guess that I can say that it dries quickly.<br /><br />Temperature: The hot setting gets pretty hot. Not hot enough to burn your scalp, but hot enough to get the job done.
I love this dryer. I use it as both my everyday dryer and my travel dryer. It's just as powerful as a full-size but without the weight and bulk. I'm seriously never going back to a full-size dryer again.
dryers my hair super fast and no frizz
Just love it , freedom from the hooded dryer !
Works okay, but very heavy!
Good air flow. Fairly quiet. Seems like good construction. Location of the buttons makes them easy to switch unintentionally. I think this is a winner at around twenty six bucks delivered.
Has a good volume of air on high for a compact unit, but the trade-off is it is a bit noisy too.  Not mention in the listing, but the blue button is a cool air button and works as would be expected.  Unlike the Revlon Rvdr5033 I had the cool button on this unit just turns the heat off and back on when released and does not change the fan.  It gets very hot on high and so did the Revlon.  Too hot it seems to me but it appears no one makes a 1500 watt model anymore.  I could find nothing but 1875 watt models even in compact.  Not pictured or mentioned but this one like all of them has the huge block on the cord end with a GFI and AC plug as part of that block.  Even though they tell you not to put two GFI's on the same circuit and there hasn't been a house built in almost 40 years without a GFI covering any outlet in every bathroom the requirement for this still persists.  I like that you can easily take the cover of the fan in the rear for cleaning.  Not many of the compact models seem to have that feature.  Overall a good unit.  Time will tell how durable and long lasting it is.  I can only hope it is as good in that area as the one it replaced.  Update 7/21/15: Well it is NOT very long lasting.  About 4 months in it suddenly started smoking and got very hot very fast did some nice sparking and arcing, then quit.  We will see if they honor the warranty.
I will now be saving money by going less to my hairstylist. This blowdryer dried my hair 2x faster than a previous blowdryer I had.  I wished I had bought this blowdryer years ago!
Best hair dryer I've ever owned.  I'm very happy with the quality of the product.
it didn't fit me , I WAS NOT TALL  TO FIT UNDER IT SO I HAD TO SIT ON A BIG CHAIR COUTON  TO FIT MY HEAD UNDER IT .  I HAD ONE BEFOR THAT THE NECK PART WENT UP OR DOWN AND I though this one did it too .
gave 3 stars because it is advertised as having 2 speeds and 3 heat settings. It does but the heat settings are fixed to certain speeds. You cannot have high speed with low heat or low speed with high heat, only high heat with high speed or low heat with low speed etc. Wanted to control heat and speed separately. Nothing wrong with unit otherwise but lowered rating due to not being able to change heat and speed settings independently. Returned for refund.
Fantastic Hair Dryer
Love it!!!
It is adequate. I do wish the prongs of the diffuser were a more flexible or softer. It kind of hurts our heads.
It dray my hair so quickly. Blow hot air.
Perfect! Small but powerful.
I did not like this blow dryer and returned it.<br /><br />Cons:<br />HEAVY & clunky<br />air does not get hot, just slightly warm<br />leaves hair looking brittle (not silky & smooth)<br />takes a long time to dry hair<br />&#34;rats&#34; hair as it dries (I've never had a blow dryer do this before- it's weird)<br /><br />Pros:<br />seems to have powerful airflow
EXCELLENT
Very good product
The brush attachment doesn't work well through the hair
I was actually looking for something else when I stumbled upon this and thought &#34;why not&#34;.  I am very pleased with this purchase.  I have fine shoulder length hair and it did not take an hour to dry, as another reviewer stated.  (Of course, I didn't attempt to dry my hair when it is dripping wet either.  I wrap my hair in a towel and do other things for a while before attempting to blow dry.)  Anyway, I was worried at first because the packaging and most of the instructions are in Japanese.  But I used it on the lower voltage and it was fine.  I used the regular brush to dry my hair, as I'm not sure how to use the round brush yet.  I dried most of my hair and then used this upside down to give my hair some lift and bounce, which it did.  Also, my hair does not look frizzy, like it does at times when using a regular blow dryer (I believe because sometimes a regular blow dryer both damages and tends to tangle your hair).  My hair actually looks shiny as well as smooth (as if I flat ironed it).  I would give this a try if you are someone who likes the look of their hair when it is blow dried and/or flat ironed but with what seems much less damage.  I think you could get away with using just this dryer and a little serum (depending on how naturally straight your hair is). I am excited to use this and try to figure out the round brush too.
Works very well thus far.
I am small with shoulder problems and this is very compact and light weight.  It packs a punch with power!
excellent item
Since my hair is too thin, it dries it in a minute! But leaves it so hard frizzy :( it is also very, very loud!!! My duaghter loves it, her hair is long and thick, she does not complain. I did mot return it, my daughter uses it.
Does what its suppose to do, like the ability to clean it.
Very good
Love this hair dryer. Dries my hair in no time
I'm  in love with this hair dryer It's small but really dry's my hair fast and does a wonderful job.
I had one before and I love it.  It's off the counter and out of the way.
Dries really fast. I have to use a brush and brush my hair while using this dryer or else it is just an odd mess. I live in area with high humidity off the Gulf coast and my hair stays flat all day! Even straighter than my straight haired friends. I do have to use another dryer when I want to wear my curls because this dryer takes them out.
i love the cord keeper Conair dryers.  Much easier to store.  My old Conair cord keeper (less expensive, 2 speed, 2 heat settings) wore out at the plug.  Couldn't be without a blow dryer so looked to trusty Amazon.  I saw this model and read the reviews.  I liked that it had a cool setting and didn't have to keep,the button pushed for the cool shot.  I also like that it has the cord keeper.  But the best feature about it, in my opinion, is that it is MUCH QUIETER than the less expensive model.  I get ready for work in the early mornings and this model produces a moderate hum, compared to the blasting roar the cheaper model makes.  If a quieter blow dryer is what you're looking for, with 1875 power, this is your dryer.  Worth the extra money!!!  Buy it, you won't be sorry!  Super fast delivery!  Ps, use the concentrator nozzle, cuts down on frizz.
Exceeded my expectations.
This hair dryer met all of my expectations. I love its compact design. The bonnet is large enough to fit over rollers, and on the medium heat setting it gets warm enough to dry my hair in 10 minutes. I think it's a quality product with a thoughtful design.
Love it. It fits on the wall and it's out of the way. Nite lite is bright also
Bought one of these for a spare bedroom when we have guests. Took a shower in there one day and LOVED this so much I threw mine away and bought one for myself too.
Operates like a very cheap hairdryer. We bought for our 10yr old daughter and it's fine for her. Takes longer to dry hair than most. We may just have a fluke...
The vulcano of hair dryers
Works well but extremely loud.
so far so good.  My husband ordered it, but we both use it.  Have had a similar  one before and used it for years.<br />Hoping this one last as long.
This blow dryer was heavy and too hot.  At the time of purchase this product there were plenty in stock. As soon as I got mine delivered. The product page shows this product is no longer available. Anyway, I returned it and got the Babyliss one. Much happier with the other purchase.
I hope it last long than the one I got last year
This is much lighter than the older model I had and love the different speeds and power.
Light is too bright
Broke within 2 months.  I would recommend buying a few levels up as I have had those in the past and they do not break.
I love this dryer
Cheap and enough for normal use.
Good Product
Chose this particular hair dryer after comparing the features with other similar products. I am so glad that I went with this one because it is the best hair dryer I have ever had!! Ever!! I am not even talking about the fact that drying my hair time is cut in half, but what is really amazing that my hair looks so much better. It suddenly has some shine, including the ends that use to look very frizzy. And that is not all. I use round brush  while drying my hair and now that is enough to lift the roots of my hair!. I use to use a product that suppose to help lift the roots and I hated because that product was smelly and It really wasn't doing much , but now this amazing hair dryer makes my hair look healthy and even fuller because of the lift.<br />I LOVE IT!.
As always, the Oster Wall Hair Dryer is convenient and I am satisfied. Although, my previous ones from many years ago were somewhat smaller.
just what I wonted. love it I can move around and sleep in it.
True Story....I have spent approximately $500-$700 on different hair and blow dryers. I have all from the cheap ones to the expensive ones and this is by far the best damn blow/hair dryer I've owned. I am a black woman with natural 4c hair that means thick and coarse and typically when blow drying my hair it feels crunchy but this dryer did not make my hair feel like that. Of course I used the LOC method with Alikay Naturals products before blow drying my hair and it turned out straight like I needed it to be. I'm super happy and satisfied. Also I used the hair pick yo blow dry my hair and it did not pop off nor did I break the teeth in the pick. Dynamite!  If it pick does pop off just use heat resistant double side tape to keep it on.
Excellent and efficient.
Really good product.
It is good.
wasn't what I expected.  Thought it would have been more powerful.
I needed a small hair dryer that would fit in a guest bathroom vanity drawer, and this one not only fit but also works well.  With 1875 Watts, it dries even thick hair quickly when used on the high setting.  The handle folds to make it more compact for storage.<br /><br />This is a basic hair dryer wiith only two speeds, high and low, and one temperature unless you hold down the &#34;cool&#34; button at the top of the handle.  It doesn't have the bells and whistles of more expensive models -- no ceramic coils or diffuser or ionic upgrades.  The handle has a switch to convert from 125 V to 250 V, and you MUST know the voltage of the country you're visiting and manually change the setting or else risk starting a fire.  Remember to change it back when you get home.  A few countries, however, use lower voltages than 125: many Caribbean countries, Japan, Taiwan, and a few South American countries.  Check your destination before you go.  The hair dryer would be completely universal if the power pack handled a range between 100-250 V.  It would also be more useful if it converted automatically the way computer chargers do; however, I've never seen an automatic conversion on a hair dryer.<br /><br />On American current, this is a powerful little hair dryer.  Although most hotels supply hair dryers these days, it works well for those times when either you're not sure you'll find one and when you want to depend on something you know.<br /><br />-- Debbie Lee Wesselmann
I like it
It works for me well because I have thin hair, if you have thick hair or very long hair, you will spend five hours with it. It works well and is very comfortable.
I love it's compact design and it perfectly dries my hair within minutes. My 4 star review is due to the concentrator,it fells off atleast once in your 5 minute use which is a pain. If that doesn't bother you then this is the perfect dryer which doesn't occupy a lot of space like other fancy ones.
I have fine hair but A LOT of it and normally takes me over an hour to blow dry my hair.  My hairstylist uses this on my hair and it cuts the drying time in half, so I purchased one to use at home. I don't know what I would do without it!
A must have for any girl! It really has revolutionized hair dryers and I gotta admit I have owned a ton! The drying time is crazy fast! Truly one of my best purchases I have made on amazon! 😉<br />THANKS AMAZON!
I like how big the diffuser head is.
Very happy with this dryer as my last one was getting way too hot and frying my hair.  It's not too heavy nor too loud.  All in all, I would recommend this product!!
This thing has so much power, it will nearly blow the hair right off your head!!!  :)
This dryer made my hair frizzy and rough feeling, not what anyone wants from their blow dryer.  It also felt cheap and was loud, like those terrible blow dryers in hotel rooms.  This was a dud and returned.
Takes 2 hours to dry, but easier to sit under than the hard hat dryers! My hair is thick shoulder length and I use the jumbo pink rollers to set.
Nearly set my hair alight and blew all the sockets in the house!<br />Item RETURNED and refund awaiting! Do not trust it!
This dryer has alot of power,,different heating settings,,,i was just use to one! Well worth the money,,i have looked around and this is cheaper and a better product! Well worth buying
I have extremely thick hair. It typically takes 30 minutes to dry it all. I have been able to dry my hair within 5-10 minutes with this dryer. The concentrator helps reduce frizz from my frizzy hair and makes it easier to straighten. I have yet to use the diffuser but it's amazing overall!!
Size is a little large but it works really well love the retractable cord.
Nice design and the night light is an added bonus.
This hairdryer lasted maybe two weeks after which time it sounded like something broke internally and was quickly followed by a burning smell.<br /><br />I tried taking it apart to see if I could simply try removing whatever piece had gotten caught in the motor/fan to no avail.<br /><br />Thus, had to trash it.<br /><br />I recommend getting a nicer hairdryer...something in the $30 - $40 range which will last a long time.  This was crap and I should have known better :)
Love it!  Definitely a salon-style dryer; so much faster on my thick hair than conventional dryers.
This is perfect for curly hair. The difuser piece gets popped in when you receive it and it does not fall out! Its there to stay. I love this product!
I love it!!!
This item died after maybe the 10th time i used it. Good thing it is inexpensive. Save your money and dont buy this, keep looking.
installation was easy. Have not used it yet. Not too big or bulky.
Love it. Drys my hair fast and now I can dry with one hand instead of two hands. It gets really hot two. Only use the small comb attachment. I wish it had a thicker brush attachment.
When I ordered this hair dryer, I ordered the black with Pink petals. What I received was an all pink hair dryer. I was a little disappointed that I didn't receive the actual hair dryer that I ordered and I believe that the other hair dryer might have been better than this one. I have ordered other hair dryers from Xtava in the past and have been really impressed with the quality and performance of the hair dryers. This hair dryer is nice and small, so it is compact and easily fits even in a drawer. Even though it is small it is a powerful hair dryer and does dry my hair without frizzing it. To me it seemed a little heavy for it being such a small dryer. It was actually louder than my bigger hair dryers. It does have a nice long cord so I am able to move around more and not be confined in standing in one place. It does come with 2 attachments 1 nozzle is long and thin and the other is shorter and wider. It does have 3 heat selections (low, medium and high) and does have 2 speeds (gentle and strong). The feature I like the best about the dryer is the cool air which shoots out a burst of cool air and that is why my hair doesn't frizz when using this dryer.<br /> I was able to receive this hair dryer so that I can provide my honest opinion and feedback.
The retractable cord is awesome and the airflow is good. Very nice product.
I was definitely skeptical of paying this much for a hair dryer, especially one with a brand that I have never even heard of making hair dryers.  But the reviews were good so I decided I'd give it a try. I had really high expectations and they were definitely met! I LOVE this hair dryer. I have wavy/curly hair and usually when I blow dry it, it gets really frizzy, this blow dryer gets rid of at least 75% of that friziness, if not more. And the diffuser it comes with is amazing! Another plus, is that it is soooo much quieter than any other blow dryer I've ever had!!
This is absolutely the BEST hand hair dryer I have every had.  I have 4B hair/natural,  and it dries my hair in less time and straight!  You will not go wrong with this
Not as powerful on lower power
Heavy, bad temperature and flow control. It is not handy at all.<br />Bay Bliss hair dryer is much better and smaller.
We actually bought this for drying the dog after his baths. He likes it a lot better than the others because it is much quieter on the low speed than what we used before.<br />If you are in a hurry though, the high setting blows a lot of air, just not quite as much as your typical politician.
For the price this is a good drier. It did get a little heavy while I was drying my hair. But I did think my hair looked shinier after. I would not call it professional quality by any means. I would say it is worth it if you're just looking for a good cheap hair dryer.
Why wasn't I using a remington before. These are way better than the one I was using before from Revlon.<br /><br />10 stars.
This works good, but not as good as my old one that I got at Walmart for $15.00.  It's a little heavy and somewhat bulky but I like the fact that the cord recoils inside.  It keeps it out of the way, but the cord is not very long so you must stay close to the outlet.  I have very long hair and my old blow dryer dries my hair a lot faster than this one does. I had no need for the attachements so I tossed them in the trash.  It works OK, nothing to write home about.
Picked this out after using it in a hotel. I've had it in 3 or 4 hotels since then. It has a Medium speed which is rare, and the Cool setting, which I love. And it was reasonably priced!
love it
This hair dryer works well, dries my hair quicker than others I've used in the past. My only complaint is the weight, could be lighter.
Very nice and lighter weight than previous models.  Dries well.
A very good value for the money.  The on/off switch is a little hard for arthritic hands to use, but not a deal breaker.  Dries my wifes curly hair very quickly.
Love this blowdryer- don't like how the nozzle on the front pops off on it's own, but it has reduced frizz.
Quality hair dryer, this really moves some air.
When we got this hair dryer we wanted one that wouldn't cause fly away hair. This certainly lives up to the claims. Also this dryer has individual controls for speed and heat. I really like that, because most of the time I don't need high heat but do want more blowing power. It also isn't very noisy as far as hair dryers go.
I returned it.
these dryers are the best, last forever
Powerful hair dryer--adding volume to your hair. The hot mode could be super hot so you get to be careful.
Best blow dry ever, I have been buying these for years ..
Good product for an amazing price!
Love it. Perfect for travelling! I used this when I went to Norway last spring. Not only did it work well with the converter, it was also very high powered for such a small dryer.
I had a cord keeper for years.  This is a nice hair dryer with all the options and attachments I need.  It is a bit larger than my older version.  I will keep looking for one that is lighter weight and smaller.  I really, really liked my older one.
Have it mounted in the not quite finished bathroom yet.  Looks good so far - But haven't used it yet.
This is my second time buying this hair blower. I love it so much!
it doesn't work when I plugged it in it didn't work how do I return it
The biggest waste of money I've ever spent. This drier has to be a fake t3 because I've used a t3 for many years and loved it. This drier however gets hot enough, but there's absolutely no power behind it to blow dry the hair. Essentially it's just barely blowing while heating up my hair. My hair takes forever to dry with this thing and after its finally dry it's a frizzy mess. This company seems dishonest as well because in the box there was a large piece of paper stating that they'll give a lifetime warranty if I give a good review! So they're not standing by their product but instead they're essentially trying to pay me to lie! I'm sorry, but I have to be honest and the drier is a piece of junk.
This dryer is fantastic. Hair is silky and smooth when dry and if you purchase the attachment it does a good job of straightening hair while drying it. I would purchase again.
DO NOT BUY! Lasted 1 Week!- Gets Hot and Quits in less then 3 minutes- needs to cool off then will work for another 3 minutes!<br />Aggravating and not worth  the time to order this product.
I travel frequently and love this hairdryer because the dual voltage allows me to use it anywhere and it is light to handle and small to pack in my luggage.
Does the job. Dries my hair. Not fast, but it also doesn't seem to make my hair like a burnt crisp. So, all good.
It's an ok drier but there are so many better options out there with a stronger motor. The airflow is weak even on the highest setting. It says its a 1875w drier but it dries the hair more like a 1200w one. Also it is quite bulky. It does reduce frizz and improve the shine.<br /><br />I recommend it to a person with short and fine hair. If you have coarse or curly hair, I wouldn't pick this one.
Arrived ahead of schedule, good price.
Small, easy to mount.  Does the job
Love it and use it daily.  So convenient.
Where has this been my whole life?!?? This is honestly the best hair dryer ever.
Bought this item twice. The first unit lasted about two years which I thought was a bit short but it was convenient, worked well and seemed worth a second try. Maybe the one I got just was not a good one. Our use was far from excessive. It was mounted in a master bath where only my wife and I used it. We both have short hair.<br />The second unit I purchased had an additional issue. Though the price was about the same, the cord from the unit base to the wall outlet was significantly shorter than on the first. I guess they saved a few bucks by providing a shorter outlet cord (now about 2-3 fee)t. I accommodated this though the wall setup did not look as tidy as the first unit as I did not have a long enough cord to reach the outlet. The bigger concern is that 2 years later it stopped functioning again.<br />Rather than buy another wall mounted unit, I bought an aluminum generic hair dryer wall mount http://smile.amazon.com/gp/product/B00FS0EFLM/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o01_s00?ie=UTF8&psc=1 and purchased an inexpensive hair dryer than I can easily replace in the future as the need arises.
Very good. Pleasantly surprise
This dryer is awesome, the accessory allows me to pinpoint a section of hair for styling/drying purposes and has a cool setting which sets the style in place, handle does not fold in but luckily I have drawer space.
Excellent!
excellent product, very good at relationship between Quality vs Price, recommended 100%
is kind of different to the picture one, but the stylish on my hair it was as expected
Very powerful for such a small blow dryer.
I gave it one star because there are none lower.  It did not work in Israel even though we had top of the line converters.  In America, it was wimpy and hard to hold.  The voltage switcher on the dryer did not really exist.  Find another one.
Good
Broke after 2 uses. But It couldnt be returned because I was in a different country
So far, I like this hair dryer.  It is very strong and has really helped cut down on my dry time.
A gift no feedback from recipient.
Good hairdryer!
Two buttons means you can control the fan speed and temperature -independently- which is a very good thing.  This is a good hair dryer, better than the discount store cheapies--but it is a good price, and good quality too.  Highly recommended.
This was a birthday present for my long-haired daughter and she loves it.
It dries your hair. Not much else to say.
I had this blow dryer before but i dropped it had to get another one. And i luv it
My wife like the power and size.  I think it is a bit loud.  Easy to mount and it doesn't take up much space.
My previous dryer finally died.  I really like this one.  It doesn't collapse, but that was one of the breaking points on my previous one.  I like the  variation in temperatures & speed.  I took off the nozzle because it seemed to concentrate the air too much... I don't really like to spend too much time on my hair, just the minimum to make it look good.  The diffuser seems pretty good, but I haven't tried to dry my hair curly yet.  I really like that the back vent can be cleaned.
Bought for a present..was well liked!
I decided to purchase this hair dryer after using it during a recent hotel stay.  I was drawn to the fact that it does not emanate the same high-pitched tone that my prior Conair makes (which is also an 1875 but has added features such as cool air and turbo settings).  I'm very happy with my purchase.  The hair dryer is VERY lightweight, cheap, and hot enough to get the job done.  Most importantly to me, I don't feel like I'm damaging my hearing when I use it.  I highly recommend it.
Excellent dryer for the price! I've owned Hot Tools and other Conair dryers in the past, and so far this one has been the best. I bought this one to replace my older model Conair dryer that went out after 4 years of use. I really like that this one has the switch for the cool setting, rather than having to hold the blue button to get the cold blast (although it still has that button as an option). It's not as quiet as my last dryer, but my hair gets dryer faster without drying out the ends or creating static. My hair actually looks more shiny/silky after using this one than it did with the older model.
Excellent produce
Nice
Just wish the tube was longer. If your hair is too near the air intake, it sucks it in. Otherwise very good product.
I was in desperate need of a new blow dryer but very hesitant to purchase because I have attempted twice over the years to get a new, updated one but both broke quickly and didn’t work as good as my 15 year old blow dryer. The Xtava Rimini 1500W Ionic Hair Dryer really surprised me. I mean, really. First, it is insanely lightweight (I think they say “ultra-lightweight?. There are 3 heat levels and 2 power levels and it comes with two attachments - a diffuser to help eliminate frizz and give more volume and a Concentrator Nozzle for focusing on just one area of your hair to dry that area more rapidly.<br /><br />Now, for how it performed - I have long, wavy, medium-thickness hair (and lots of it) that tends to get frizzy with heat products (so I limit them!) I generally spend 35-40 minutes to get this hair dried with a blow dryer. This, combined with the fact that I was in a bad car accident and it can get really painful when I am styling my hair for so long means I throw mousse in and let it air-dry wavy/curly more often than not. NOT ANYMORE. I LOVE this hair dryer.<br /><br />It took only 20 minutes to completely dry my hair with the diffuser. And, my hair looked FABULOUS. It made my hair so smooth and soft and with no frizz!!! I didn’t need to use extra smoothing lotions or serums like I usually do! The cool shot button helps to “set?the style and it also helps reduce frizz and boost shine (my old one didn’t have one of these!)<br /><br />I cannot recommend this enough! I wish Amazon wasn’t out of stock so I could purchase one for my sister. She’s always replacing hair dryers too!<br /><br />*I received this product in exchange for an unbiased, honest review.*
Nice and lightweight!
The best wall mounted dryer I've found!  I also love the little night light as it's enough to light my way to the bathroom at night!
Way better than my previous dryer. I was cheap. I was trying to save money for a while... in the worst ways possible. I ended up buying this $11 dryer because it was cheap.  And for a year, I went around with wet hair. I tried to tell myself that it was okay because of all the money I was saving. But it did not feel okay. I finally ended up getting this dryer though and it was like night and day. This dryer works so quickly. It makes you save time and time is the most precious resource of all. It will dry hair quickly and efficiently.  I do not use any of the attachments that come with it. But if you style your hair, just know, those are options too.
Just with the bonnet was easier to fit over rollers. but otherwise a good machine.
I love the item. It has become very much easier to dry my dreds. Thank you!
I really like this little helper and bought a second one for a friend. I find that my travel sized hairdryer works best in this.
The best dryer ever, I go through hair dryers like crazy, finally I have found one I love!
Perfect size for travel but still really powerful.
Good
its super loud and kind of heavy. I dont really know if i like it. Dont recommend
The voltage switch was broken...could not use it on my trip oversees.  Would not refund me because too much time had passed. Big rip off
Love this.
my home use blower. works well!
Girlfriend likes it. However, doesn't feel as powerful as the previous version
Drys my hair fast and effectively:)
I love it, I have been trying to find one for two years.
i had a &#34;professional&#34; hair dryer and it broke, i picked this one based on the reviews and the price and i love it. it takes me 15 min to dry my medium hair and it doesnt cause a lot of frizz.
I like the silky feel this hair dryer gives my hair.  I bought the same kind to replace an old one.
This dryer is hard to turn on and off
As much as I hate to admit it, in conjunction with the Cricket Technique 400 thermal brush, my hair is as closest to a salon blowout as I have ever gotten it! It feels light and airy like it does when I leave my hairdresser. It is relatively quiet, the design is very nice - I like the smoothness of the handle. Love that it comes with concentrator and diffuser as I use both since I have naturally curly curly hair! I am pleased with this and will update later if need be because I JUST received it in the mail today. I also have long hair and didn't have a problem with the back as some others have.
I looooove looooove this hair dryer.  It's lightweight and has cut my drying time in HALF!
Best hairdryer ever!
I had on of these for 12 years.  It finally gave up the ghost.  Works perfectly and is so convenient to have right on the bathroom wall.  Added bonus - more wattage with the new one!
I like the temperature settings of cool, warm and hot but would like this dryer more if the flow of air were stronger when set on high.  It seems to take longer for my hair to dry with this dryer.
Amazing
WORKS WELL
This hair dryer works super well. I don't find the sound level much different from other hair dryers as some have complained. I appreciate all of the different settings (3 heat settings, Hi/Med/Low power, and teh different Wattage rankings). The concentrater actually stays on the dryer, which is not what I have experienced in the past. Also, the cord retraction is not perfect; it sometimes  leaves an extra 6 inches out, but I actually find it better than other cord retraction models. Since it is a full size blow dryer, I don't expect it to be compact and the additional cord is a non-issue for me. Glad I happened upon this model.
I have had this blowdryer for about a year and it already died.  Ironically, it is the most expensive blow dryer I have ever bought and shortest life as well.  Disappointing...
Best blowdryer ever.  This is my second T3 because the airline broke my first one pitching my luggage. Drys super fast and less damaging.
Love
just prefect for me.
works, retractable cord is nice
I have not had chance to use it allot, but so far so good :)
So far works well!
I purchased this for my vacation home.  I liked it so much I brought it home and took the more expensive dryer I was using at home to my vacation home.
Cons: Too big to be a good travel dryer Not very powerful, even on the highest setting Takes a long time to dry my hair, and itâ€™s super short Does not seem very sturdy  Pros: Relatively quiet Decreases frizz
This unit began to self destruct this morning discharging internal shrapnal and vibrating while releasing a death sound.<br />Despite being treated with the utmost respect it will join the pile of cheap Chinese junk I have accumulated over the years<br />It almost made it to it's second birthday. Pitiful<br />I purchased a Panasonic and a seperate wall bracket as a replacement<br />It is most likely chinese made as well but the design should long outlast generics
I amd black and I have natural hair and I can tell you that this blowdryer will be perfect for anyone!
I got this and was excited because of the reviews. It does dry my hair but takes longer than my drugstore dryer, but might be healthier. The attachments do NOT stay on making them almost useless. I tried to return it but my husband threw away the box, so I'm stuck. I can say it's pretty and I like the cool shot, but it does NOT lock as described....you have to hold it down the whole time. Also, the plug is too narrow. It keeps coming unplugged because it's too loose. It's easy to accidentally change settings or turn it off when in use because of button placement, but starting to get use to it.
NO complaint. It is very powerful for the size.
I like this product
my bathroom looks neater
i bought this as a gift<br />and the person really likes this
My daughter loves
Excellent product. Recommended.
It's a hair dryer. I don't think it's horrible, but it's not spectacular, not like some of the other Xtava products I have used in the past. It doesn't look it, but it is lightweight and it's a really nice color blue. It comes with two attachments; a big customized diffuser and a concentrated nozzle for targeting styling. The diffuser was a little difficult to get on. It didn't fit as good as the concentrated nozzle. I also liked that it has a long cord which made it easier for me to move around when needed. This Rimini hair dryer comes with three heat levels, two power levels and a cool shot button to set your style. The different settings and attachments did make it easier when styling my hair. I could set them to what ever I needed them to be, when I needed them. I've never uses such a big diffuser like this before. It did dry my hair quickly, but I have very fine hair, so I don't need a lot of heat. It did help with the frizz and left my hair feeling smooth. I felt that it could have had a bit more power to it, but it was okay. For people with thicker hair, it might take a little longer to dry. Overall, this hair dryer was not bad, it does what a hair dryer is suppose to do and gets the job done. It's very easy to use and with all the different settings and attachments, it's convenient too.<br /><br />Disclosure: I was not financially compensated for this post. The opinions are my own and based on my personal experience with the product. I received one or more of the products mentioned above for free for my unbiased and honest opinion. Regardless, I will only recommend products or services I use personally and/or believe will be good for my readers.
i like
This blow dryer is the first I have owned that truly fits my needs. I have very, VERY curly hair so I am always looking for ways and tools that maky hair maintenance easier. This blow dryer works magic on my hair. It straightens it so fast which really saves me on time. I have small hands so the way this dryer is shaped makes it easy to hold and use. It isn't very heavy which adds to its ease of use.<br /><br />Out of the three attachments, I use the &#34;big comb&#34; right after washing my hair and the &#34;small comb&#34; for touch ups. I would say without a good thermal balm, heat protectant, etc... It make be a little freezy. Since my hair is so curly, I am uses to using such products so if you dont, you may want to.<br /><br />The heat dial only has 3 ranges which I thought would be an issue. I would say medium is good for most people. I have never had a problem with not getting the right temperature for my needs.<br /><br />Overall, I am happy with my purchase. It doesnt break the bank yet works better than any other blow dryer I have had. It saves me a lot of time because of how good of a job it does. I would consider this a must buy.
In the beginning things were fine , I just started using it  2weeks ago even though I bought it months ago. With 2week(3 times a week) of use the thing has already died on me. This is not something, I would buy again. It didn't flat out die , it started declining in performance.
Dries my hair fast
Pretty design, however I didn't notice any difference in lack of frizz or shine that is associated with Ionic dryers.
Very well made. Ergonomics is perfect. It has a dust filter that you can remove and clean out. The plug has a breaker switch. The main power switch is in the handle. This dryer can be used in a salon setting.
Just pyrchased this, but it works well.  Low is hot enough for thin hair.  Med is hor and Hot is super hot!  My old dryer similar to this lasted years.  We'll see about this one.
I am extremely happy that I purchased this hair dryer!  I have lots of fine hair and it dries my hair in about 30-35 minutes.  It does get pretty hot so I suggest a setting around 50 ?55.  It’s very top heavy so heed the directions and secure it somehow.  I do have to say, the first thing my husband said when he saw it was “are you going to the moon???as it does look like a space helmet.  The directions are not very clear but I managed to put it together just fine by myself and it’s very sturdy.  I definitely would recommend this dryer.
Dries my extremely thick, long hair quickly.  I use leave-in conditioner, brush out with my Wet Brush and then use the comb attachment to dry.  It takes &#60;10 min.  This is unheard of for me.  Its also fairly quiet.  My friends are sick or hearing about it so, I thought I'd tell Amazonians... I really love this hair dryer!
This is a good hair dryer.  It's the 4th one that I've bought over several years.
Excellent. Small. No negatives.
I love that this comes with a little diffuser. For a little guy, it does a very good job.
The hair dryer is soooo light and can dry my medium to heavy hair in about 5 minutes.  The only negative is that it is kind of large and difficult to store, but besides that, I'd definitely recommend it!
Second one i purchased for wife and daughter
good settings nice flow real smooth
Very compact, easy for travel packing, and works very well. For such  a small dryer, it packs a lot of power, and barely takes much longer than my full size dryer, to to it's job. Folds, and takes up 1/3 the space though, and comes with a cute case, and 2 attachments
Works like it should.
Definetely this hair dryer sucks, it did not last not even 30 days. I only used once a day, & it got burned out. I regret not to pay attention to the bad reviews which they were saying the thruth.
Love it! Small but powerful!
I like it
Love this dryer! Looks sharp, cut my hair drying time in half!
this has met all my expectations.  very happy with product
My Revlon hair dryer started sparking and died in January, a few days after the one-year warranty expired (yay! not.) so I needed to find a quick replacement. I've been pleasantly surprised with this dryer so far! I have very thick hair that usually takes forever to dry, even with a dryer, but this one is nice and light and doesn't make my arm feel like it's going to snap off after holding it for a few minutes. Probably the smartest part of the design is the honeycomb pattern over the back--it's pretty much impossible for my hair to get through it and get stuck in the blades. That makes drying much easier, since I can move the dryer through my hair without worrying about sudden-onset baldness and pain.<br /><br />It's not too loud, and it's definitely quieter than my old dryer. My only minor complaint is that the nozzle (is that what it's called? the duckbill-looking thing that concentrates air) will occasionally fly off in the middle of drying. I'm not sure if that's force from the air, or from moving the dryer around, but it's not quite as secure as it could be. Other than that, I'm completely satisfied with this dryer--and the fun color is a plus, too!
It is beautiful, I ordered a white one, I really like this color!  The size is good and it has really nice design. I got it on time. I love it so much. It is easy to take!
I have long thick hair and it usually takes a long time to blow dry. Not with this dryer! It is the best one I ever had. I could not believe the price was so good. Love It!
It works well. Makes my hair curly and dries it quickly. It makes me a little nervous bc I have long hair and I am scared that it will get sucked into the backside of the dryer.
Strong and powerful, however, it's a little too powerful for me. I was looking for a light dryer and this one works, it's not super light but it's also not too heavy and I didnt want to go through the hassle of returning.
Pretty good, not any better than other hair dryers in that price range.
Love this product. Nifty compact is a plus. Can be taken anywhere. Use to steam or dry hair.
Bought this to replace a Sunbeam 1500 and was VERY happy to find that the wall mount was compatible!<br />Comparing the 2, the Sunbeam had 3 speeds, of which I only used the upper 2, and the Oster has 2 speeds, the 'upper 2'.
Really love the cold setting.
I have curly hair, this diffuser is perfect for getting curls to look defined without the frizz.
Wonderful product! I love it!
horrible
Its a blow dryer! LOL. I docked a star because it has a weaker output than my old blow dryer.  I appreciate the cold setting.
Good product. Did not have problems so far and work as expected.
I initially bought this for a vacation. Within a few days it would only blow cool air. Contacted Amazon who had Helen of Troy email me. They replaced it no questions asked and I didn't even have to send the new defective one back! But let me tell you this I LOVE! I use it every time I shower, not just for travel. It's smaller, but not on power, dries fast and the intake hasn't collected any dust like other dryers do. Has a few different power settings. along with the cool setting and I would recommend this in a heartbeat.
Wonderful.
Haven't received it yet but looks good on the positive reviews
I love,
mine was green
This gets a 5+ star in my book.  I've used for a few weeks now and it dries my hair faster, smoother, and the 2 directional heads are perfect for directing the heat exactly where you want it to go.  It is so much better than my Conair that I had.  This is high end quality.
Bought for my wife. She says she loves it. No ten paragraph review needed here.
This is a piece of junk.  Set it up on the high watt setting, but found that it would not operate after my wife dried her hair. Setting it on the lower watt setting solved the problem for a few months.  Now the same thing often happens and it makes lots of noise.  I think it will stop entirely very soon.  Tried cleaning the lint out several times.  The lint screen is buried under plastic strips making it difficult to clean.
excellent good
This is the second one we have mine is still going strong after two and a half years...and my daughters bombed out after 2 months and we have to get it replaced
It dries hair quickly and it's not to loud.
I love it but... it's a little heavy!
I had a really old hair dryer.  So this one to me is awesome!!  It's not too noisy and it dries my hair quickly.
Seems to work just fine. Good price, no problems so far.
Compact and conveniently portable.  Dryer is not very powerful, so the brush it pretty much useless for my hair.  Surprisingly this dryer is not even as powerful as my handheld blow dryer.  Bonnet works fine as long as you are satisfied with the low/moderate heat.
Love it!!
It has plenty of power and dries well, but I had to return mine as it was so loud that it left my ears ringing.
Perfect!
best hairdryer
I have had better, Not very hot.
I LOVE this hair dryer!  I went on vacation and there was one in my room.  I loved it so much I came home and searched for it til I found it.  Amazon had the best price for this model.  When it came, I was not disappointed.  If you like your dryer to have a lot of force to it, this is the one.
Amazing.  Very short drying time with no frizz.
Best hair dryer ever
Worked well and as described.  Motor started to sound like a lawn mower, one week after it's one year warranty.<br />Not happy.
really love it! my hair looked better than ever. dried about 3/4 times faster. drier is lighter and easier to work with when styling.<br />dropped it accidentally and nothing was broken!<br />drying seems enjoyable !<br />have only used twice, but am glad that i bought it!
Does its job.
dryer itself works good, however i am already wrapping duct tape around the twist mechanism that allows the stand to go up and down....its cracked, first day of use, I should send it back but I need the dryer now
Works well, I wish this could be much smaller
Works very nice on both voltages
Doesn't get hot enough
Bought this for my wife and and she recently took it on a trip and loved it. Powerful enough, not too noisy, takes up little space. It does exactly what you want from a travel dryer.
it is good drying tool. I expected it to be a bit better from reading reviews.<br />It does the job as drying hair and it is good quality and well made hair dryer.<br />I recommend.
Loved this hairdryer until it stopped working today. It just quit. Reset button won't fix it. Very disappointed as I had a much cheaper hairdryer and it lasted years. This has only lasted 3 months!
Excellent choice!
LOVE IT!!!!! Highly recommend it!!
Although the package was damaged on arrival the contents were intact.  This was replacement for an identical Conair unit that my Bride has used continually for several years.  We expect the new Conair to be as serviceable as the previous one.
This hair dryer is wonderful!
Fantastic bonnet drier. Definitely worth paying a little extra to get a quality product. I primarily use this when I am doing a deep treatment on my hair.
Only used for few months and already quit working.
I love this hair dryer!  The power it delivers is perfect and it seems to dry my hair in half the time of my old one. The speed and heat buttons are 'user friendly' and the heavy cord is nice and long. Altho it's not quite as light as I'd imagined and maybe even a little bigger than my old one, I wouldn't consider it to be heavy or bulky and it's still quiet and powerful.  Good value for the money.
love this dryer,, it is my second one, but wish it lasted longer- first one was less than 2 yrs
Excellent product and it is exactly as described by the seller!
I absolutely love this hair dryer. With long thick hair I'd gotten used to spending 15-20 minutes just drying my hair enough to allow me to style it. This dryer is not only lightweight and quieter than any dryer I've ever had but it also dries my hair in 5-6 min. That's from dripping just out of the shower wet to nearly bone dry in less than half the time. I don't even need to use the highest heat settings so my frizz is much more contained. With myself and two thick haired daughters using it a fast dryer is a must. So excited to finally have found something that actually is a good as it claims to be.
it doesnt damage the hair like the other dryers ive tried and its very lightweight
does the job right
I've been very happy with this so far.  It's very light, and I love that it has three heat (one being no heat) settings and two speed settings, which is more than most dryers have.  The airflow is pretty strong on the high setting.  The setting labels are already wearing off though, after only a few months of regular use.
I already had this hairdryer so it was just a replacement.Still love it
best blowdryer! Love it! Recommended by my hair stylist and its amazing!
I have thin fine hair and it is gentle enough on my hair and gives me the volume I need.<br />Thank you.
This is a very nice, professional looking hairdryer. Nice color and the design is very sleek and sharp looking. Looks like it's worth a lot more than what it really cost. It comes in a nice box, so it's very suitable for gifting.The description says it's &#34;ultra lightweight&#34; but, for me, it felt like it weighed just as much as any other hairdryer. I like that it has 2 speeds and 3 heat settings. I have very fine hair, so how much heat I use on my hair makes a big difference. The hottest setting does seem to get very hot, so be careful. Also with my fine hair, the higher settings had a tendency to tangle my fine hair, so I had to usually use the medium heat setting, which worked well. The hairdryer itself was not loud and dried my hair quickly. It has a long cord and comes with a concentrator nozzle which really help to reduce frizz. The concentrator nozzle is very easy to remove and put back on when needed. I also like that this hairdryer had a removable filter, it was easy to twist off for cleaning. Overall, it's powerful and does a nice job. I loved the look and it's easy to hold and use. Hoping it will last awhile. Would definitely recommend.<br /><br />Disclosure: I was not financially compensated for this post. The opinions are my own and based on my personal experience with the product. I received one or more of the products mentioned above for free for my unbiased and honest opinion.
I cannot express how much I love this hair dryer! It's small and sleek. It gives me the hair I want to have, that look that I was always jealous of others having. I no longer look like a big frizz ball! I didn't know that hair could look this good, and I'm thankful for the opportunity to test this product complimentary and give my experiences and feedback. I love all the features of this hair dryer. The cooling feature is by far the best feature along with the nozzles. I use to let my hair air dry and it took so long to dry being my hair is so long. This hair dryer took about 10-15 minutes. I didn't get tangled hair that hurt brushing out like I did with other hair dryers. This is the best dryer!
good job
good hair dryer works well
good product all well
Wind is strong and does not feel too hot. Get hairs dry quickly. Love this product.
Love this.  I dropped my previous one, different brand, and had to replace it.  The cord-keeper part is the main feature for me.  The hair dryer itself works fine, a little louder than most but is also more lightweight than most.  Love it!
it an excelent  product
It drys my hair, does what it's supposed to, pretty much says it all. If it's alive a few years from now I'll be impressed
it's not very powerfull but it woks properly
I bought it for my maine coon cat. He likes this dryer.
good
I love how lightweight, fast and VERY quiet this hairdryer is. The reason I dropped it to four stars is because it has a tendency to tangle my fine (not thin) hair, but the pros definitely outweigh the one con. Fine-haired women just need to be careful about pointing the dryer down the hair shaft to keep the tangles at bay.
No better than less expensive hair dryers I have owned.  Died after about 6 months.
Use it every time I wash my hair. Pretty good. It's been a while, works without problem.
It's good, just what I wanted.
This was installed in a RV on the wall of the bathroom area. The unit is plugged into a 110 volt GFCI outlet and the night light and unit power can be turned on/off by pressing the GFCI button. The night light is good - not too bright but ample. The unit appears to offer good air flow and not being too noisy. I am happy with the performance, looks and operation so far.
My daughter loves the color pink so I had to get it. Simple speeds as a standard hair dryer.
Love it. Does a good. Hot enough. Diffuser is a bonus.
Just started using😁😀
Works very well. A little hard to mount on the wall . Careful measuments are needed
Good quality. Very pretty. Powerful. Only complaint is its kinda heavy so after a while it kinda hurts my hand. But I guess it's not really a problem since it dries my hair pretty quick.
i love it
It really does what it says -- it effectively smoothes hair and significantly helps reduce frizz.
I love this blow drier. Cut my blow dry time in half. I bought the leopard/cheetah print one. The price on this item has changed significantly, unfortunately. When I purchased, this dryer was significantly less expensive than other colors of the same model. Before ordering and receiving I was concerned it was a knock off because it was cheaper than the other two color options. I do think it is real. It works well. Feels well made. I looked at all of the instructions closely on the box for spelling/grammar mistakes which are common with fakes and found none. I've had about 2 months now and it works well. I also had one of my good friends look at it closely. She is a cosmetologist and currently works at a salon that sells this brand. She said it looked authentic to her.
I really like the dryer and the price isn't to bad either. The only compliant I have are the switches are right where you hand/fingers go and I keep flipping them when I don't want too.
Love it, has 3 settings and cool, warm and hot for drying hair. Works very nice. And low, med and high also.
This is a fabulous hair dryer.  It comes in a nice box and a nice color blue.  It is so light weight which makes it easy to dry my long hair.  Normally it takes a while to dry my hair but with this hair dryer it probably cut the time in half.  It has a nice diffuser along with 3 heat settings.  I like to start out on high, then a curling brush and low heat and finally cool to set my hair.  I love the cool shot to set it too.  My hair has less frizzies and looks a lot healthier since using this hair dryer.  I am so glad I got to try it complimentary  for a honest and unbiased opinion.
Excellent power with easy to use temperature change contol.
LOVE IT!
love it!
Arrived soooo fast made me very happy!!!!!! and the dryer it self is fantastic.
Love it. Recieved it quickly. Dries really fast. Only down side is that it vibrates leaving my hand tingly. But its awesome.
Quiet yet efficient.
Just received my new blow dryer in the mail.  When I opened it, it was damaged, very disappointed.
I've only been using this dryer for a week but like it. It is powerful and does a nice job. I'm not sure how long it is going to last however. But for the price, I'm pleased.
The only con is the weight. It's pretty heavy but it works perfectly.
works as expected.  Love the zebra print zipper pouch it comes with.  Arrived quickly and price was very competetive.  Keeping it in my suitcase for travelling as it is small.  Small but quite powerful.
Decent heat temperature and air flows.  A good hair dryer for the price.  Lighter weight than the last silver model I had.  That one lasted for nearly 10 years with every other daily use.
BEST HAIR DRYER, VERY HAPPY
DO NOT BUY THIS!!! Im a professional salon owner and i bought this. Something inside broke off and every time it is turnes on it makes this excruciating click clank cling sound that hurts your ears while under the dryer plus the loud sound of the dryer. I have to use it on the lowest settings which takes hours upon hours just to dry.  I used this dryer 3 times before the problem started.
Exactly as described
I never ever write reviews for products, but with this I had to!! It's that amazing. My hair is very thick, and blowdrying my hair with this dryer is faster and easier than I ever could have imagined. You know that amazing feeling you get when you've just gone to a salon? That's what your hair is like every time you use this dryer. 100% worth the money.
good heat
Good dryer, lightweight & works well. 2 speeds.
Very good blow dryer! I usually buy very cheap ones but splurged a little this time. Love it! It is a little heavier than I'm used to.
Excellent in every way , I really like this.<br />My favorite by far
good product
I couldn't find good for my hair any. Only this one I use about 2-3 years already, and still have it as a gift for my mom.<br />Highly recommended item!
very nice!
I am very happy with this product. It dries fast! It seems like a very sturdy product, not like some of the low end products out there. This is salon quality!!
My previous Vagabond, which I loved and traveled with for many years, finally kicked the bucket and I replaced it today with the current model. I was a little bummed that purple was no longer a color option (strange, since it is in the other Conair models), but was extremely upset to discover that the power cord is now a full six inches shorter! I couldn't believe it and got the old one out of the trash to compare side by side. Shorter. By a lot. This makes a huge impact on how far from the outlet I can stand while drying my hair and is incredibly annoying. Would have happily paid more for the longer cord. Very disappointed.
I have had this hair dryer for a week and I love it! I can dry my hair in under 10mins. The attachment allows you to put the dryer on your hair which speeds up the drying time. I have thin but long hair and I'm amazed at how quickly it dries my hair.
It's a good hair dryer the attachment just won't stay on 😒
good power
just like another reviewer wrote - the bonnet's elastic is so tight that it hurt my head and I didn't have very large rollers on. I took her advice and took out the elastic and put in a long shoe lace which was a very time consuming and frustrating job but it worked. Plus I don't know how anyone could sit there with the setting on high. The medium setting is almost too hot. If I hadn't read the her review about replacing the elastic, I would of sent it back.
The disk somehow smells like plastic
Just like my old one.  I love it.
Love this hair dryer. So glad i got it. Also, i live what the company stands for.
Best blow dryer ever...you can feel the quality as soon as you pick it up...performance=none better...worth every penny.
I love this hair dryer!  It is quieter than my older Conair.  It has nice speed/temperature settings that blow dry quickly without as much damage. I can dry my below shoulder length hair with the medium heat/air setting in less than 10 minutes. My hair is soft and easy to style, plus attachments stay on tight. I will buy Remington from now on.
I just replaced my old Conair hair dryer. I like the 1875 models, as they are usually more powerful and work more quickly. I do not recommend this model, however. Although it is an 1875 power, it works like one of the smaller, less powerful models. And this one is terribly, terribly loud. I'm actually concerned that I might suffer hearing loss if I were to use this on a daily basis. I'll be returning this one.
Dries my hair fast and isn't very loud. Absolutely love it! Thank you so much!
Good!
Perfect replaced old one I was very pleased with.
When I first turned this product on my hair was wet. When I turned this device off my hair was dry.<br /><br />I purchased this because I was looking for the cheapest product available. It worked perfectly and does appear to be a quality product. I have been very happy so far.
It's missing a screw to put this together :-( Besides that.....I received it on time; it's the right size, and the price was excellent.......
Quiet and quick. My old hairdryer was a screamer and I got this one because I was developing tinnitus and everything I read suggested controlling decibels was important.  The buttons are right where you grip the handle, so it takes a little getting used to placing fingers so you're not changing your settings.  My hair is smoother.
I was very satisfy with my order and it was delievery on time as promise. Excellent Excelllent 10 Stars
Good seller. I received the product on time and without problems. I recommend for all.
Perfect for my needs!
Works good.  Doesn't seem to have the output force on low speed that my previous hairdryer had (wattage is the same).  Seems to get the warmest heat it needs to be on high.  I prefer a low speed with high heat.
I love the hair dryer by conair. My last one was a conair. It lasted many years.
dvice work with 110 ac and my home 220  also not writ in amazon abut ac tks
I spent a very long time waiting for the right deal on an ionic hair dryer and this was the first time in at least 6 months that I saw what I was looking for with an appealing price tag. I took the plunge and bought it and have been VERY happy with the results. My hair turns out very smooth and is even shiny after I use it. The clip on accessory is amazing for focusing the air stream and definitely helps with minimizing frizz. It is also very pretty. :)
Everything is working well. No problems after a month. Happy with everything.
Awesome product.. I would recommend it to anyone
met my expectations.
Works as well as the expensive ones. Super price.
Good while it lasted.  I used it (at best) 5 times before it just stopped working.
Love this hair dryer.  Had an older one for years, it finally died so I replaced it with this newer version.
I would definitely buy this again. I had an older model for years that we traveled with and it finally wore out.
The best hair dryer ever!
This dryer dries my hair quickly, leaving it smooth and shiny.  And my hair requires less touching up on the second day.
This is a very sleek and stylish hair dryer. It looks very nice! It’s powerful at 2200 watts. This hair dryer comes with a concentrator nozzle but no diffuser. However, a previous diffuser that I owned fit on this just fine. It has a nice long cord too. The only thing is the cord is really thick so it easily knocks stuff down if anything gets in its way. I was very excited to get an opportunity to receive this for testing and inspection purposes. It works very well and dries my hair quickly. I like the more powerful hair blowers because they dry hair much faster than lower wattage dryers do. This one comes in black and looks very stylish. The concentrator works well too but you do need to push hard to get it on the hair dryer. It has three temperatures, hot, warm, and cold (or room temperature but it always feels cold to me.) It also has two speeds, low and high. In addition, it comes with a cool shot button, which gives you a blast of cold air when you push the button. The button is easy to push but it's also black so it blends into the hair dryer. I would have liked it if the cool shot button was a different color. Other than that though, I really like this hair dryer. It's powerful and efficient at drying my hair. This review is a reflection of my own personal experience with this product.
I have been impressed with each Xtava product I have tried and this hair dryer is no different. This dryer is powerful enough to dry my hair completely in a short amount of time. I like the attachments, especially the diffuser. I'm also quite fond of the bright blue color. Product provided to facilitate this review, but all opinions are honest and my own.
Not good at all
The first thing I noticed about the hair dryer was the sturdy sleek cord which felt well made and strong. The cord is long enough to plug into the wall and be able to use it 6ft away from the outlet. The hair dryer comes with the concentrator nozzle which I would have died without but it doesn’t bring the diffuser nozzle which I found kind of odd since most companies include both nozzles. Anyway, so I plugged in the hair dryer and started to blow dry my hair using the same brush I always use. I tested out the different heat settings and was impressed with how quickly the temperatures change. If you switch from hot to cold it happens instantly meanwhile I’ve owned hair dryers that take at least 20-30 seconds just to make the temperature change. The two different speed settings are your standard low and high, yet, at the high speed the noise the drier makes is not loud at all. The dryer isn’t completely soundless but it isn’t obnoxiously loud compared to others I’ve owned. I found that when I used this hair dryer my styling time was 20-30 minutes quicker than usual. In addition, my hair felt really smooth afterwards and the end result wasn’t as frizzy as I expected considering I have curly hair and I'm not a professional at blow drying.  UPDATE: After using the hairdryer for a few months, I noticed that whenever I would use this dryer my scalp would become very oily right after blow drying. Whenever I use my old Revlon hair dryer my scalp remains dry and I have never had this issue before. I haven't changed any other hair care or hair tool besides this dryer so this must be the culprit.  I did receive this complimentary for review purposes but this does not influence my opinion.
how did this product get so many 5 star reviews?<br />The product is good and the idea of a wall mounted dryer is excellent. The product fails in my view because the three tiny 'Mollies' supplied to hold it to the wall are pathetically under engineered. The dryer will just pull off the wall after a couple of times.<br />A better way to mount is to drill a second hole in the mounting plate and to screw it to a wall stud with long screws.<br />Another good product hijacked by under engineered Chinese Manufacture!
Nice dryer! Just as expected.
el producto es muy bueno<br />the product is very good
The hood collapses. The hood does not stay mounted
Works really well! Only thing is control switches are where your fingers go so fingers push switches and changes settings while blow drying.
Very good article! i have 4C natural hair and I use the large comb to make the blow dry, wonderful! i'm in love<br />I leave in france and the article was well packed
My hair is thick and long.  It dries frizzy without blowing it dry.  I do not get  the chance to go to the salon much.  The attachments on this dryer make me feel like I am doing something for myself without devoting more time.  I love the color blue and black.  I loved the opportunity to use this dryer.  In exchange for I am also providing my honest and unbiased opinion.  The drying time on my hair was cut down by a few minutes.  I have a three year old daughter that will not be still for anything. I used it on hers for just a minute on low cool.  It was perfect.  Not too strong but enough to help knock out the wetness.  I prefer the high warm on mine.  I do not need to further damage my hair.  Which means cutting out the drying time is preserving my hair some.  Without the attachments this hair  dryer should travel easily.  The cord is not too heavy and should roll up easily.
Excellent product! Powerful and light weight..I love it!!!
I have thick, long hair and this was recommended by my hair stylist. It is very powerful and dries my hair more quickly than anything I have bought before.  I would highly recommend this.
Love it!
Works better than expected
I got this for the wife. But have to say it's not noticeably lighter than the previous unit we had but it is very sharp looking. The controls are all conveniently placed with a plenty of speed and heat settings. The cord is of very good quality and pretty lengthy. I feel for the price it's a very good buy and would really recommend it.
I absolutely love this hair dryer. My old hair dryer would take me 20 mins to dry my hair and now I can dry my hair in 5 mins.
I love this blow dryer.  It dries my hair, which is very thick in very little time.  High quality, especially compared to the blow dryers you can buy in the local market.
After 12 years, my old (exactly the same) dryer died - it didn't owe me a thing.  I was pleased to find the same design still available.  We have a small bathroom so I don't have the space to leave a dryer on a counter, and I'm certainly not going to take one out each morning and put it away after use.  This is so darn convenient!
Love it but it's so small. Can't wear rollers with it unless your willing to put in the time to stretch out the cap and pull your hair.
When I first received this product i was a little sketchy, as hair dryers normally make my hair super frizzy.<br />This hair dryer is amazing. The diffuser works just as it should. My normally frizzy hair was smooth and flyaway free, which is attributed to the ionic technology.<br />This dryer has 2 speeds and 3 heat settings, as well as a cool button, which is always good after a long time of use on your scalp.<br />Its very lightweight and easy to use. Even a beginner, like myself, can get use out of this product.<br />It has a nice cool blue tone on the front, which is good for me.<br />All in all i'd say this product is the best hair dryer i have used to date. Would highly recommend to anyone.
Super powerful, blows a lot of air.  I had a much more expensive hairdryer that was almost double the price for the past 6 years before this one and this one is even more powerful than my old one.  I need a strong hairdryer b/c I have very thick hair.  Just to give you an idea, wall mounted hair dryers at hotels are totally useless to me.  If I plan to dry my hair while traveling, I have to bring one.  This one comes with a bunch of different attachments.  And I like the animal print (although my husband does not but that print was much cheaper for some reason than the solid color ones)
Whoa...amazing what a difference this hair dryer makes ! Ive owned many, none that compare to this ! No more uncontrollable or fly away hair !  Its like magic ! The best ive owned !!!
Does it job but too noisy
Nothing fancy. Works well for the price. Good value for money.
good
Nice price nice product no complaints
It doesn't feel cheap and I like how the top is long enough that my hair (I have mid-length hair) doesn't get sucked into the back of it where the fan is. Buttons are easy to work with, better than those you have slide up and down.
This is the best hair dryer I've ever owned!! It has so many settings you could never burn your hair unless you don't know what you're doing, which seems impossible!! I can dry my hair in half the time it's so strong!! That's the biggest deal for me!! Plus, it has 3 settings for how strong to blow dry, 3 settings for how hot and cool, plus the cool button!! Definitely spend the money on this, it's worth it!!
I love my dryer!
Delivery was on time! I They are so easy and light to handle. Just what I was looking for.<br />Thanks so much!!
Pretty average. Just what I needed, though. About what I expected, for the money.
love it! heavy and durable hair dryer
Super hot and really nice to use.  Serves its purpose, what more could I ask!?
Quit heating after 60 days,
I have thick and course hair and it takes like an hour or so to dry my hair and with this dryer it takes 10-15 minutes. So glad I purchased this.
I absolutely loved this dryer! It dried my thick, heavy hair so fast! Also, the cord was fantastically long! Would be 5 stars, but I bought it last April, and sadly it has already died on me. There seems to be a short in the cord. If I wiggle the cord around at the base of the dryer, I can still get it to work a little. Tempted to buy another, since the price is so reasonable.
I love this dryer because it is so gentle with only two settings. The band on the bonnet is tight at first, but after weekly or biweekly use it gets a bit more comfortable. I cover my ears with Wrapp-it bands when drying. The carrying case is convenient and everything fits perfectly inside even after several uses.
Kind of weak, not quite powerful or hot enough for my liking.
Im tired of this review being deleted.I rated it 5 stars so hopely it wont be deleted again. This hair dryer is heavy.
Convenient and classy wall mount hair dryer. No fumbling under the sink or closet. Available when I want it!
Good, basic dryer. Liking it a lot.
I usually dread having to blow dry my hair as it is very long and pretty thick, so it would often take an hour or more to get it ALMOST all the way dry. Because of the time it takes to blow dry, and the fact I am semi lazy, I have had the same motel type dryer for about 15 years (YIKES) and been hesitant to buy a new one figuring they would ALL take forever to dry the mop on my head. When I was offered the Xtava, Allure 2200W hair dryer to review for an unbiased opinion I was pretty excited!<br /><br />This hairdryer is a decent size, yet very lightweight. It has 2 heat settings as well as the option for a cool blast here and there. There is also a detachable piece to put on it for when you want to dry your hair section by section to straighten it.<br /><br />After trying this the first time, I now want to use it every time I wash my hair! It is super easy to handle, which is awesome if you're all over the place flipping your hair around like I do. One of my favorite parts was that the back vent didn't try to eat my hair! My old one would suck it in if you got it within an inch of that vent, I am tendered headed, IT HURT!  ALL of my hair was dry, no slightly damp spots at all within 20 minutes. I highly recommend this particular hair dryer for those with long thick like hair. Yes ladies and Gents, it IS possible to have lots of hair and not hog up the bathroom for hours on end!
This dryer is amazing I have 3c/4a hair and it dried and straightened my hair in mins wow! Love it!
High heat is very high.  Like the dryer.  This is the second one I have bought.
Works as expected
SOMEWHAT better than others its size; though still blows very hot, (almost to Hot on the Low setting); but is useful for Travel
I couldn't live without it!
Excellent seller, good product, was exactly what I ordered, arrived on schedule with no problems and works perfectly, thanks
best blowdryer I've owned, I've had it for 3 years and still works as good as new.
Works very well so far.  Seems sturdier than other brands.  Dries hair quickly.  Noise is per a normal hair dryer.  Heat and air velocity both normal.<br />I went through 3 or 4 of a competing model that would last only 1-2 years and then burn out.  I had just been replacing them because the new dryer would fit into the old wall mount, but decided not to keep shelling out money for an inferior product that did not last.<br />Bought a different competing model but it started making a high pitched sound after 2 days, and did not get hot enough to efficiently dry hair so it was returned.<br />Finally bought this one.  It is not as aesthetically pleasing as competing models, but not quite as ugly as the photo makes it seem.  The dryer is white and gray (wish it were all white), but the gray is a normal gray, not the greenish color that it looks like in the listing.  The wall mount does not install flush to the wall, as others have mentioned, but it is close enough.  I quickly got used to turning it on and off at the wall mount - it not the annoyance I anticipated.  In addition, if you put it in the wall mount while it is on, it automatically turns off, which is kind of convenient.  The best part of this dryer is that you can open the back and clean the fan blades.  I suspect build up of lint on the blades is what eventually caused the other dryers to burn out, and with the other dryers it is not possible to access the blades (at least not easily).  Thus, I expect this dryer to last longer.  There is also a &#34;hidden&#34; setting where you can turn the power up, and I did that when it first arrived.
It dries my hair very fast but is a little on the heavy side.
Best hairdryer on the market. Not too loud and dries hair fast. I should have bought 2
Cut my drying time in half!! Love it :)
Better than expected.
I don't know... Grat price but too weak.
What can you say about a hairdryer? It dries my hair nicely lol. It doesn't get as hot as I expected, like my last one did. But it's a nice hairdryer for the price!
all excellent, recommended 100%
Perfect. Just what I wanted. Fast delivery!
Used this at a hotel and had to have it!  Best hair dryer I ever used.
Not as loud as other hair dryers, and has plenty of power. I don't feel that it gets as hot as some of my other hair dryers, but that's probably not a bad thing because i don't over dry my hair.
very good product. Love it. 5 stars
A little bit too big for travelling
nice hair dryer
This is my second Xtava hair dryer.  I have to say this one makes even that one look wimpy.  I cannot believe how fast it dried my hair.  Right out of the shower and it was only about 4 minutes for my thick hair to be completely dry and cooled.  This hair dryer is a little hefty compared to others but I think it is easier to handle than my other Xtava.  Also even though the hottest setting is quite hot the hair dryer itself only heats up at the end.  You can hold the barrel if you need to maneuver it.<br /><br />The power was unexpected.  My hair did tangle slightly but it was no big deal considering how much more volume I gained.  Even after brushing my hair it isn't flat.  My hair is smoother than usual as if I had flat ironed it.  The hot is hot and the cold is cold as if you had air conditioning for your head.  So, you don't have to spend extra time cooling after drying.  It was a matter of seconds after drying to having perfect cool hair.  The extra power of this dryer may have a learning curve.  I actually had to figure out where I had wet hair because I'm used to having still damp hair.  Anywhere I pointed it for a few seconds resulted in dry sections of hair.  That's how good this dryer is.
I am very impressed with this Allure professional hairdryer!<br /><br />Upon arrival it was packaged in a nice black matte box, with stylish decoration and writing. Hair dryer was wrapped in a plastic covering, and has a black shiny finish and matte finish.<br />This hair dryer is super quiet and performs very well. Very lightweight.<br />There are 3 heat settings, and  2 fan settings, as well as a cool burst button.<br />The cord is very long and heavy duty, which makes it nice to not be limited in cord length.<br />It has an angled end for air that fits over the end of the blow dryer.<br /><br />The blow dryer works very fast. My daughter's hair usually takes about 8-10 mins to dry and that dry time has been cut in half! She is very impressed with this hair dryer.<br />I love the tourmaline Ionic Ceramic blow dryer, it is very gentle on your hair.<br /><br />I'm very glad I was chosen to test and review this hairdryer from Xtava.
It works really well!
Item was the exact item as seem on the pictures. Came with all three extra pieces for blowing out the hair. Use it recently n it was good......I must say its very hot.  Good tool. Its just to see how long it will last. But no regrets in this purchase n I'm loving my dryer
Cord is way too short.  I can't hold it over my head when standing in my usual spot.  Also, it's not hot enough.  The hottest setting is more warm than hot.  It is lighter and quieter than most, but I still regret buying it.  I did not tried the attachments.  They went into the trash along with the box.
Love it.
I love this hair dryer.  It is very quiet but strong.  It puts out an amazing amount of heat.  The only negative thing I can say is that the buttons are right where my fingers are and sometimes I shut it off.
The most awful hair dryer ever. Very Heavy and the hot almost burnt my hair. Make a light weight product Remington!!!
Normally I would have rated this item as very high. However of the 3 Hair Dryers purchased, one was defective. While the hair dyer aspect worked, the green light (bottom left side) did not. This defect was not apparent until the Hair Dryer was installed. I understood this to be a good hair dryer, but a defection like this does not look good. I will be thinking twice about any future purchases of this Hair Dryer (regarding product quality) as I can't afford to have a defective unit installed. I had to give my customer a 40% discount because of this. NOT GOOD. Thank you, David
i got this for my mother, her old one is going bad, she was so happy when i got it for her birthday. she's very happy with the product. thank you
Nice hair dryer for the price, but it wasn't anything special and seemed quite basic.  I didn't feel as though my hair dried any faster or looked any different than the old basic hair dryer I've been using for the past 5 years or so.  I do like the color and the fact that the cord is quite a bit shorter than the cord on my old hair dryer.
I am one of those lucky people who can achieve poker straight hair or curly hair just by the styling tool I use on the end of the blow dryer.  When I was given the opportunity to test this Ionic Hair dryer for quality, I was super excited.  There were many things I liked about this blow dryer.<br /><br />1.  I like the shape of the unit.  I was able to hold the dryer by both the shaft and the handle depending on my needs to get the best angle for all my hair.<br /><br />2.  It took about 1/3 less time to dry my hair than with my other blow dryer even though that one has more watts.  I'm not sure if it was due to the less drying time of the fact that this is an ionic dryer that my hair was less frizzy.  It's winter here in Indiana and I generally have to use argon oil on my hair after drying to tame the frizzies.  I did not have to use the oil after using this blow dryer.<br /><br />3.  It's extremely light weight and quieter than my previous dryer.<br /><br />4.  It came with both a diffuser and a concentration nozzle.  I use the diffuser when I want curly hair and the nozzle when I want to go straight and sleek.<br /><br />One thing I did notice is a burning smell the first time I used the unit.  By the time I finished drying my hair though, the smell was gone.  Overall, I am very impressed with the quality and results of this Rimini Xtava.
This is nice.....
wife loves it
Too big and heavy.  Needs to be permanently mounted in order to be truly useful.
DAUGHTER LOVES IT
DANGEROUS!!!<br />This hair dryer is SO NOT WORTH YOUR $$$$!!!  As reported by other reviewers the flat sliding on/off switch was difficult to operate, especially if your hands were not totally dry.  The folding handle stopped staying open after 6mo.  This created a significant pinching hazard.  After 9mo the dryer began to over heat each time it was used.
very good
amazing
Bought for my girlfriend and she proclaims its the best she has ever owned.
just okay.
AMAZING!
okay product
It works, but the switch is really cheesy.
I like the xtava hair dryer. It work good and I don't have any problem with it.  This hair dryer has two speeds and 3 heat settings that is good so you can control how much heat you need. This dryer comes with attachment to help dry your hear directly on the spot that you need and not making the rest of your hair frizzy. For my straight thick hear the dryer works very good and I was sent this for review, however it does not effect my thoughts and opinions.
Love this hairdryer so much I have an extra one in my guest bathroom!
wooooooooooow !!!!!  This baby dries hair in a blink of an eye.  I am a cosmetologist and Blowouts / Blowdries are my salons main ingredient this thing save me 10-15 minutes, (in a salon, this means more clients and more money).  I told a colleague of mine and now we are ordering more.  Hopefully this product can be as good as the first day for a while.    Ps, I just placed a second order for 2 more.
Only last for one year.
This is a really nice hair dryer, the only reason I did not give it 5 stars is that its a little heavy for me.  It dries nicely and very quiet compared to any other dryers I have had.  I will definitely keep it, I can use the workout.
Can't bla the company but this item does not work. It falls off with the suction cups and can cause issues. Save your money.
Loud like most hair dryers. I like the temperature setting and retractable cord. Air flow very good.
Well i first wrote this product was AMAZING, until having it for a few months.  This hairdryer keeps on shutting off !!! Soooo annoying!  Prob not even real BaByliss
XTAVA Rimini iconic hair dryer.is 1800 w .which is perfect for extremely good results for styling and drying your hair with in short period of time.it helps ur hair hair from getting frizzier and more dry looking by different speed for air blow and two power buttons .also contains two attachments.which can be used for focussed precise area u need to style or dry .without affecting the remaining part of the hair.after using the second attachment I am surprised to see the difference in my hair as it looks more shinier and don't forget to use the cool feature after you done drying your hair it gives such a finished look to the hair keeping it more natural and free flowing.i have tried other XTAVA PRODUCTS too like allure and i must say XTAVA. Products have proffessional results got excellent motor .safe to be used by urself and economical in price with all the required features .i will definetly recommend this without any hesitation
I did my research before buying a new hairdryer and this one fits the bill without having to spend $1-200.  It works well
Excellent
the quality of this dryer is outstanding! I will save alot of money and time doing my hair with this equipment without the need of the salons...A+😉
I love this blow dryer. It is so much more powerful than the one I have been using and gets my hair dry in half the time (the box says 80% of the time but I swear it seems faster than that). I can't believe I have been wasting time drying my hair when there have been products on the market like THIS that will get it done so much faster. Until now I didn't realize there was a difference but I swear there is. When I use this blow dryer my hair seems more voluminous than when I use my old one. This is also very lightweight and sleek, not to mention the fact that it is quiet. I couldn't believe how quiet it was! If you are looking for a professional blow dryer I would highly recommend this one. This product was provided to me for testing and quality evaluation.
I would have gone with 0 stars if I had that option. I gave this to my daughter for her semester in Spain. She said it overheated this first time she used it and has been afraid to use it again. So this product was basically a complete waste of money. The bad part is I got an email saying the first one I ordered wasn't coming so I ordered a second. The first one came as well as the second. I didn't need a blow dryer to use in the states so now I have one that can't be used and I that I don't want
Fast shipping and undamaged.
This hairdryer is light yet powerful.  My first one lasted over 15 years, I'm hoping this one lasts as long or longer!
I absolutely love this hair dryer. It's super cute, sleek and looks professional. It has a lot of functions and it drys my hair fast.
Fast dryer. a lil nosey but is good for drying.  recommend it to anyone looking for a portable hair dryer
Exactly as expected. Good value.
VERY powerful, and with 3 heat settings, and two speed settings, this has everything the pro's want .... A very well made product that is built to last ... I give it the highest rating.
This works very well.  It's my second Conair, and I think I will enjoy using it.
powerful and adjustable
Stopped working in 5 weeks
Very good works welll
My wife is very happy!!
I absolutely love this hair dryer. I did a lot of research as to what people where saying was the best hair dryer nowdays and it consistenly showed this one! I love the high pressure and the different settings. My hair is silky and definitely not frizzy by the end of a hair drying session. :)
Wife loves it!
I purchased the product for its retractable cord and this did not work. Would not recommend
I got them on time, so credits to Amazon Prime for being fantastic.<br />Unfortunately, the product was defective and didn't work at all. The material used is very cheap, flimsy plastic and the weight of it is disturbingly light. I do not recommend this product even for people who rarely use their hair dryers.
I have baby fine hair that takes forever to dry. Every morning, I spend about fifteen minutes blow-drying my hair with a regular dryer before I flat-iron it. After I tried this dryer for the first time, my hair was dry within seven minutes. I used the diffuser to prevent frizz and lifted my roots as I dried it. It gave my hair some extra bounce and body. I did not use any styling products except for a heat activated repair cream that I always use.  This is the only blow dryer I will use from now on and I would definitely recommend it to anyone who wants a faster dry time.<br /><br />I was provided a free product for review purposes but it does not alter my opinions. I was not compensated in any other way.
Now This is what u call a blow dryer
Substantial and stylish. Works well.
very happy and really impressed with my new xtava iconic hair dryer! i have curly hair that is difficult to straighten and that is ok! with this hair dryer and the diffuser i am able to achieve beautiful curly hair that is soft and bouncy with no frizzies. i love how it has different setting from no heat to hot and low air to a lot, so i have the options i need and want for achieving any hair style i want! today i decided i wanted my hair to look sleeker and was totally able to do so with the directed tool and a round brush! i have loved giving you all my review and opinions in exchange of complementary product.
First of all, this blow dryer is extremely light.  Surprisingly light even. If you have long hair (or a lot of it), that is something you will surely appreciate.  It also has a very powerful motor so that you can get the job done in no time at all.  If you are like me at all you need to get your hair dry as fast as possible in the morning so you can get on with your day.  And not 'frizzy' dry as many blow dryers are good at accomplishing....but sleek and sexy dry.  The diffuser nozzle of this product makes that possible for me.  It stays on securely while drying my hair and diffuses the air just enough that my hair no longer 'frizzies' up.<br /><br />Some tips on using the diffuser:<br />1: apply your choice of hair products<br />2: allow your hair to dry 75% before using the diffuser (if you are in a rush, use regular blow dryer first without nozzle)<br />3: use clips if you want to add volume at the crown of your head<br />4: if you have time, use the cool setting to dry your hair with the diffuser.  If not enough time, use medium to ensure your hair will not frizz<br /><br />I am truly honored that I was offered the opportunity to review this product at no cost to me.  Every once in a while you just know you have a winner on your hands, and this is such a product.  Stylish, effective, fun and extremely light.<br /><br />Highly recommended.<br /><br />*product received free or at a discount in exchange for my review
So far so good. Powerful. Does make my thin hair look more volumn.
This midsize but powerful dryer is a game changer. I LOVE it! I have layered, waist length hair that becomes a frizz mess if not blow dried properly. The Volare V2 dries my hair smooth and silky. I've been using Sedu 6000 which blows too strong and gets really hot surges that smokes my hair. V2 has the perfect combination of heat and airflow, and the cool temp actually blows cool air. My hair dries and styles faster with the V2 than the Sedu. Made in Italy. Four year warranty. My search for the perfect dryer is over.
This is a fine hair dryer... I am sorry it is so large however as I have a tender shoulder...  That makes it hard to use at times... The dryer however is a good one.
My mom wanted a small and powerful hair dryer and when she opened this on Christmas day she was quite excited!
I was in the market for a diffuser, and I never bought one before... I will say this is the first and last diffuser I will ever buy. I'll stick with a regular hair dryer with a diffuser on the end.<br /><br />The heat in this isn't as hot as I would like it to be, compared to my normal hair dryer that gets really hot. I had to diffuse my hair on low, and this wasn't hot enough. Also, the low power was too low and the high power was too high. I also did not like how the air circulated in circles compared to the air coming out of a regular hair dryer in a straight motion. The circular motion blew all of my curls out (think if it like a fan you use to cool your house), and I don't have that happen on my regular blow dryer. I will say, that my natural curls are not very tight, and my goal when diffusing my hair is to help maintain my curls with a low heat... This did not cut it at all.. Not hot enough, and the way that the air circulated blew my curls out. I'm not sure if it is just this product or if it includes other diffusers like this as well... but I am sticking to my normal hair dryer with diffuser attachment!
By far the best hair dryer I've used and for the price is definitely worth getting one of these bad boys!  Make sure to clean the back every now and then just place against your vacuum hose to get excess hair and debris!
my all time favorite dryer!
It came without instructions.  Works okay.  Nothing above average about it.
Very happy
Not the drying power expected
Miss the Cool Shot feature of my cheaper dryer, don't feel like it gets as hot either.
Description stated this product was powerful and had the cool shot option. It does not have a cool shot option, and is far from powerful.
this hair dryer works very well. this a very inexpensive hair dryer and I have been told it will not last very long. i do not use it to dry my hair(buzz cut). i use it for household projects, when i need to dry whatever i am working on. most recently, i used it to adhere plastic over my windows to keep out the draft during the winter. once in awhile you need a hair dryer in the house, even though you do not use it to dry your hair. this hair dryer is powerful and will do the job.
My daughter and I are fighting over this hairdryer! We both tired it out and love it.<br />It is black, not a silver color as in the picture; very sleek in design. It is lightweight to handle with a thick black cord. I knew this was going to be a powerful dryer as soon as I took it out of the box.<br />It is listed as 2200W and it does not disappoint. My daughter has thinner, straight hair. It took us minutes to dry her hair on a medium heat setting. The high heat setting is VERY HOT. We did not use it.<br />I have thick, coarse, curly hair. A few minutes on medium heat and a low air setting and I was good to go.<br />We were given the opportunity to test and try this dryer. Based on our experience and our different hair styles, we both love this dryer and stand behind it based on its quality and construction.<br />We love the design and the heat/ air flow settings. This is a powerful , well designed dryer that will last for a long time.
It works really well!  best thing I have bought so far!
I am very picky with my hair. I've only used hair dryers $100+ so buying this one was a huge risk for me! I have very long, straight hair that without any heat comes out wavy and sometimes frizzy. This hair dryer is quieter than my old one and definitely dries my hair pretty fast. My only problem with it is that the attachment falls off occasionally and the cord is insanely short.
Love it.. small hands and it is very good and lasts a long time.
Very unhappy with this dryer. I wanted to return it, but between a restocking charge and postage it just isn't worth the trouble.  The dryer is much larger than it looks and would stick out from the wall approximately 6 inches.  It will go into the donation box!!!  Don't order it!!
works
Good
I have never used a hair dryer that could dry my long hair in under 30 minutes until I tried this one !(: this works amazingly and I love the way this hair dryer looks , so sleek looking . I would recommend this item to anyone who is looking For an affordable, well working hair dryer !!
does the job
Best blowdryer.Hair will be dry in record time. Only wish the concentration nozzle was permanently attached.
For the price, you can't beat it. Simple to use - no adjustments beyond &#34; Low - Off - High. What more can a person want!
I'm not sure why the wide range of reviews. I bought this for my wife who has thin blonde hair. Before buying it for her, I noted that many reviewer said it worked for them and they had thick dark hair. There were also reviews of people saying it was way under powered and wouldn't dry their hair. So I can't figure out whether the quality varies from hairdryer to hairdryer or if the raving reviews are bogus. But, the hairdryer my wife received was too weak and took over an hour to dry her shoulder length hair.
Had it for only a few months and it already is losing it's heating element. Also the dial to change the heat doesn't work. The attachments are flimsy and get stuck easily. I can't wait for it to completely break so I can buy one that works properly. I wish I read all of the reviews for this product. Never again will I make that mistake.
Do not get hot enough and a little smaller than what I thought.
Love the temperature...does not blow too hot. Getting use to the button locations.
good
Love it!
works!
Love it it dries my hair beautifully
I received this hair dryer for review and testing purposes.<br />This hair dryer is heavy but it packs a lot of heat and did not make my hair frizzy.<br />I have wavy hair and I washed it, put a repair cream on ,then toweled dried it and put the dryer on low speed and it was drying my hair fairly quickly. I used a vented paddle brush to blow dry and then I put it on the second higher heat setting until I finished the process. After that I pressed the cool shot button and it came out cold. I felt like I was a holding a salon quality dryer at home. I give this product 5 stars!
Four stars....might upgrade this to 5 in the next month or so.  This is a good little unit, perfect for travel or light use.  The first one overheated after 3-5 minutes of use, I was able to exchange it with the vendor, and the replacement unit seems to work perfectly.  Once its used a few more times, I'll either upgrade the rating or comment below.  Not a bad dryer overall, and it comes with 2 attachments.  A pokey thing, and a duck bill thing.
I like it, but it doesn't really sound like a normal hair dryer, it sounds more like a vacuum.
So far, so good!  Much better than my previous Hot Tools that blew up.  It is heavier, but dries my hair faster and with less tangles.
It never worked. Not dual voltage as it is said to be. Will never buy any electric item from Amazon again. Epic waste of my money
not as strong as i would like it to be
I have a vacation rental close to a nationally known hike/bike trail and many of my guests are here for recreational activity.  In 3 years, I've only had to replace one of these units and everybody seems to love them.
Brush is a bit soft, but good product
Wife likes very much. Been in use 3 months still going strong.
died after about 6 months of use
Favorite dryer ever!
Even though I just got this week, I used on both my daughters hair to blow out for the first time!!! I bought this because I remembered my former stylist using this tool on my hair years ago!  I saw the price and jumped on it!  It's not fancy but it has four settings from cool to high heat and if you know how to use a blow dryer properly then you should be fine!  Thanks Amazon for having st half the price as Walmart! :). Worked like s charm on my girls and I only used cool and warm heat! ;) they have lots of curly hair!
Comes in handy 4 travel or a quick fix it.
So I tested my new Allure 2200w hair dryer and so far I really like it. It dries my long hair in no time and and it doesn't leave my hair frizzy. It is lightweigth and it looks nice. The chrome looking lint trap at the back can be twisted easily and pulled out for cleaning. It looks nice but be very careful because (correct me if I am wrong)  it is made out of a plastic material that seems like it will easily break. I am going to use and keep this hair dryer in the bedroom vanity just incase I drop it, it will fall on the carpet floor. The extra attachment that came with it is also nice. I also have a 1875w Conair infinity that I have been using for years. I love it but I compared the two today and they seem to blow about the same amount of air. If Allure is blowing harder, I cannot really tell. The small button to press cool air is a bit hard to press but truth is, I never use the cool air function anyway so it dont really matter for me. Over all, I will start using this Allure from now on and will give him hubby the Conair one. The other minor things does not hindrance the funtionality of this hair dryer so if you are planning to buy this, go ahead, give it a try. I think you will like it too.
Will be perfect for Greece.  Just change setting to 220/250 and plug in to adapter.
It is very nice ! Motor sounds are not cheep dryer at all. It is very powerful. Especially my long hair !!<br /> I am so satisfied with this item.<br />But only I don't think I need that it call Skin (make moisture to your face ) dial. I don't think it working noticed in the US, because Japan are more humidity country but not in the US.
I love this hairdryer! It dries my hair in well over HALF the time my old one did. The removable back allows you to clean all the lent and stuff that gets in there over time. It's perfect, and it comes with a ton of attachments.
It is the best hair dryer!
Was as described and worked well.
I purchased this for a professional hair stylist with ten years experience.  This is the best dryer she's used thus far.  The price was amazing, less than half of what I almost paid locally.  Drying hair with this is much like aiming your head at a turbine engine with very high velocity constant airflow and heat, it dries hair in about 1/3 the time of others she's used.  I'm very satisfied with this purchase.
It works well, it's a blowdryer.
Quit after a few months.  I bought this blow dryer because the one I was using was 10 years old & could reasonably be expected to die soon.  The old one is still working.  This one is dead.
I am very happy with my new dryer from Xtava...my previous ones were revlon (both the same model)...the first one got pitched because the cord was becoming severed from the dryer...the second because it started making a horrible noise and sparked at me!  As long as this new one doesn't do that, I will be happy!! I hope it lasts a long time!  It's a cute design, I have the blue flower.
It is a very good item . Very easy  to switch on.. Perfect.
Not as strong as i expected
This replicates the same dryer I had for years but finally bit the dust.  Long time Conair buyer.
I like this dryer but it is a little bit larger than I wanted.  Work really well and is not too loud.
I had to have a hair dryer so I could dry my Silky Terrier's long fine hair after her bath. I needed a dryer that was lightweight because several years ago I hurt my hand and it's hard for me to hold a heavy hair dryer for very long. This is perfect. It's very lightweight, small and easy for me to hold. I love this hair dryer and don't mind using it, as it doesn't hurt my hand at all.
absolutely in love with my new XTAVA professional ionic ceramic hair dryer! i really got the results i was looking for. as i am reviewing for free, after washing and conditioning i towel dried my hair and combed out. i then proceeded to use my round brush to blow out my hair and it worked out very nicely! i really like just how well built it is, looks and feels very durable and high quality. i also love the settings as well, hot high heat down to low cool air, it's perfect! i highly recommend for anyone who is looking to achieve ultra stylish do's to those just looking to dry their hair in the morning. this XTAVA hair dryer will not disappoint! i am so happy to have had this opportunity to present my review to you out there,
I used this dryer while at a Renaissance Suites and loved it. When I returned home, I looked it up online and ordered it. I'm just as pleased with it as I was with the one at Renaissance Suites because it is lightweight, quiet, and efficient.
Sturdy, a bit bulky & gets incredibly hot. So if buying for salon use be careful when using with bleach on high heat. It gets VERY HOT.
My wife loves it! Uses it ALL THE TIME! Thank you
nice
is holding up well, i enjoy that the warm is enough to dry thick hair
Best hair drier I have ever owned!
I had expected a cordless dryer.....that is what I had asked for. I returned the product
Wife loves it and says its one of the better dryers that she has used..
Didn't like the buttons. I've returned it. I'm giving 3 stars not 1 because I used to have Conair Hair Dryer and it was quite good.
This blow dryer is awesome! It uses tourmaline ionic technology for drying, which I was looking for. It dries my hair with less damage compare to other form dryers. Rimini 1500W Tourmaline Ionic Ceramic Professional Hair Dryer is inexpensive. It comes with concentration nozzle and customized diffuser. It is lightweight and the quality worth higher end hair dryers. It has cold shot button, 3 level heat button, and high and low power settings. I am pleasantly surprised by how good it works! It dryers my hair in half the time as my old dryer and my hair is so smooth and soft. No more frizzies. This product was provided for review by by Xtava.
Love this hairdryer! I have very thick hair and lots of it so it takes a long time to dry. But it takes less than five minutes with this hairdryer. There's one attachment that comes with it which diffuses the air wide and i use it to give more volume. I realized how miserable my drying experience was before this purchase. Well deserve 5 star rating!
I bought this hair dryer because I wanted a cooler setting for drying my hair without holding down a cool setting and trying to manipulate the dryer on my hair. This dryer does an amazing job in drying my hair without the damage that hot air does to my hair. Cool air actually makes hair appear shiny and closes the follicles making the hair seem healthier.
super fast hair drying time without the frizz!  So much better than the dept store options for the same price or even more...very happy
I bought this hairdryer ...twice ...for the retractable cord.  On the  first one I received the cord didn'tretract at all so I returned it and asked for a replacement. I  figured it was a fluke. Replacement was only slightly better. Cord retraction was rough and sporactic. So I returned for a refund. Amazon arranged for the free return and pickup of both hair dryers. So I may have unhappy with the purchases but the return process was a very good experience! It is just a defective design...My husband picked up one at Target and the retractable cord didn't work on it either!
I spent a lot of time researching various dryers and was willing to pay around $100 to get a &#34;good&#34; one.  I was intrigued by this dryer because of the Tourmaline, Ceramic and promise to boost shine.  I was also drawn to this particular diffuser because of the long prongs.  I was turned off by the low price because I assumed it would be poor quality.  I was pleasantly surprised by the quality.  The dryer is light weight, quieter than my former dryer and much more efficient.  I have long, curly and very thick hair.  This dries my entire head in 15 minutes without burning my hair.  My former dryer took 30 to 35 minutes and didn't give me the shine this one does.
Good, compact hairdryer.  Looks nice and works well.  I have short hair so set it on the lower volume.  Also, hardwired it to an outlet.  What I do not like about it is the night light.  It's too bright.  I think I am going to disable it.
i bought this item and got it today and i did my rollers and all and i just loveeee the way it works! its small & the hood is really big to put rollers . i feel like i just came out of the salon. money well spent !
It is a good feel in my hand, and I suffer from carpel tunnel syndrome. I can hold it with a solid grip. The one reason it is not five stars for me is the cord. Although the angle of it looks like a good idea, it can sometimes get in my way when I am trying to work with a round brush on the back of my head. However,  I am very satisfied with my purchase, because the heat options, air flow settings, weight, sound, and looks are all attractive and smooth. It has not smoked, over-heated, or gotten too heavy while I have been using it. I can have it on and my boyfriend can still sleep in the bed, with a closed door as the only seperation between us. Arguably, he is a heavy sleeper. Overall, I am happy and plan to use my complimentary discount code on another product from this friendly company.
Pro: it has a very fast Cool cycle - something I've always wished for in other dryers. Cons: The controls are very difficult for me to work with the machine running - the placement is maybe made for a bigger hand, but I can't reach the cool button comfortably when I'm using my right hand. The diffusor is very hard to attach, and even harder to detach.  And this one is my fault - I just assumed that all dryers came with a concentrator, but this one doesn't. I tried attaching the concentrator  from my Revlon dryer that just stopped working, and it doesn't fit. (Shouldn't they be universal?) Unfortunately I threw out all the packaging after I checked to make sure it worked upon delivery. Otherwise I would return it.
My gf loves it. She says it does no damage to her hair and she uses no heat protection treatment.
dries quickly
exact replacement for what my wife has used for years
Works well and is very portable.
There's a lot of low reviews for this hair dryer and most are because it's loud. Yes, it is loud. I don't use a hair dryer to style my hair I just want it to dry it as quickly as possible. I have long hair to my lower back, its (mostly) straight and very fine hair. I part my hair in the middle. Then turn it on to the highest speend and hot. I dry my left side in 5 mins then my right side- another 5 mins. This is the 3rd time I've bought this hair drier. The 1st one died when I dropped it. R.I.P. The second one just died after 5 years... It wouldn't heat up. 5 years for $20.. That's a good deal to me. If you're looking for a fancy hair dryer to carfeully and (apparently) silently... continue looking. If you're looking for a hair dryer that will dry your hear in 10-15 mins (if you have thick hair) then this one could be it.
Had to switch it to the higher setting for my wife's needs, but it's working OK. We'll see in the future, as some reviews question it's durability.
Very happy so far, I haven't owned this very long but it seems to work very well, it has a lot of settings so I can always find what I need for my hair.
worked ok for a little while, then the power and heat went out.
Best, most powerful blow dryer ever!
Works good
Plastic junk.  The speed and heat setting buttons are flimsy and hard to operate. Also the smell of the motor is awful.  On most dryers the smell abates after a few uses.  This one smells as if it's burning.
I love it, of course my husband used it before I did.  It does not burn me like other hair dryers, it does not frizz my thin hair.
WAY TOO LOUD. Cord keeper is a nice touch but returned it to prevent hearing loss. Going back to using a hair band for the cord.
A far cry from the Remington hairdryer I have had for 10 years but an acceptable backup.  The diffuser is crap and the fan speed and heat settings are way too slow/low to dry as quickly as my previous dryer.  Another hairdryer to add to the collection bin.
This dryer replaced our old one, which finally gave up the ghost.  It is powerful and easy to control with the dual thumb-controlled switch which regulates heat and fan speed.
I had to send this product back because the heat holes in the dryer head are to high to dry the back and sides of my head.
They get very hot, love them.
Very pleased.
Works well. I have thin hair and it dries it quickly but I have body!
This hairdryer worked OK for me but did not last too long.  It runs very hot on the high setting; I sometimes worried it might explode because it was soooooo hot.  Therefore, I mostly used the 2 lower settings.  One day, it quit altogether.  The one good thing about it: it was quieter than any other hairdryer I've ever owned.
This is the best hair dryer I have used in a long time. It's lightweight, easy to handle, and not bulky at all. It also is high-powered and dries my hair is less time than the dryer I was previously using. As someone with thick hair that is used to spending tons of time just drying my hair, this is a huge plus. The black color of the dryer is also sleek, and I like that it comes with the concentrator attachment. Product provided to facilitate this review, but all opinions are honest and my own.
Good
bought this for my daughter she has no complaints
very strong and powerful hair dryer. a little bit heavy, but i don't mind.
It did not work
has held up for over year now. i only use it about once a week though
Was purchased to use oversees. Compact and light. Works super fast and does the job!
LOVE THIS! I have 4c hair with a tendency to shrink almost 75%! This gets the job done! I also use this on my three daughters' hair, we all have 4a-4c with high shrinkage, and this is one tough dryer! The attachments hold on for dear life and still have not broken!
Love the fact that it really is hands-free, but it is quite a monstrosity! It took me awhile to find the correct height that I wanted it and the right bend, so I feel like I have to leave it up. Thank goodness it's not in my way TOO much, but it certainly is an eyesore.
i am completely satisfied, i have a long, strong, thick hair, and it works for me as good as  the proffessional blowers i used to have. I just hope it last. I like it very much. Good price, very light, even the colors of this hair blower are nice and they delivered on time. Thanks.
One of the best dryer for this price range. I like cold wave.
My second one. Love it but only hope it lasts a lot longer than the first one I bought. First one slowly died. Started to shut off sooner and sooner during dryings. Took it apart and found that the fan was rubbing on the housing inside and wore and cracked the fan. Became unbalanced inside and the fan speed slowed down causing it to overheat and shut down constantly.  If I could have bought a new fan blade I could have fixed it.
U get what you pay for
I like it.
I agree with the other comments- I love how compact it is but was very disappointed with how heavy it is. It arrived in the original package but looked used. The dryer was just thrown in there without additional packaging. It also has a strong burning smell when drying that maybe wears away with more use. Lastly, do not buy if you are a Lefty. Just holding it I was able to switch the settings while drying my hair:(
A vey nice hair dryer!
Dries my long hair in about 10 minutes
This is a really wonderful blow dryer! It seriously cut the time it takes to dry my hair in half! It was really lightweight and has a very sleek design. It comes with a removeable nozzle that centralizes  the heat that I really like. I am happy to recieve xtava's awesome blow dryer to review. I'm throwing the old one out for this!
This is truly the BEST blow dryer for naturally curly headed gals!!! Powerful yet gently on my curls and easy to use.  LOVE this product:)
Light weight and very good heat control
Very happy w this ourchase
I've been using this for about a week now. I previously had a Revlon with retractable cord that still worked, but it was REALLY hot. I have oily hair, so I have to wash it pretty much daily. The heat was killing my long hair. I took a chance on this and I am really glad I did. Initially, I was disappointed, but I am glad I stuck with it.<br /><br />1) Power! It has almost too much power for someone with long hair, my hair was FLYING all over the place (it also tangles easily). I added one of the 3 concentration nozzles and that really helped.<br /><br />2) Heat! Yes, its not super hot -- but heat isn't good either! It does start off rather cool, but it always heats up more about 30-60 seconds into blow drying. With as much power going through it, I don't think you need as much heat to accomplish getting dry hair.<br /><br />3) Buttons! Yes, the buttons are on the side. I think the reason most people complain about button placement is because they are so used to the position of their old hairdryers. It takes some time to get used to a new one. I think people notice the difference a lot at first, but it really will go away and you'll get used to it. It hasn't been an issue for me.<br /><br />Overall, I am pleased with this blow dryer. I can't say that my hair dries any faster than my previous dryer, but it will be much healthier in the long run and that's something I appreciate more than speed. It definitely does not take a long time by any means though. I am happy I got it!
Totally diggin my hair dryer.  Gift from hubby!  Needed something quiet that didn't wake up the kids.  2 levels of speed (low works as well as high, just more quiet), 2 heat levels, ions can be on/off, cool blast button, small, light, love!!!
as advertised
Ok this took about 10 ;minutes off the drying time of my hair as opposed to  using just a regular ionic hair dryer, but not ony that it leaves my hair (which isa bit past  shoulder legnth color treated grey hair with some slight curl) smooth and un frizzy.  I could actually dry it and wear it with out hot curlers or a flat iron, though I still prefer to use a flat iron for extra shine. I never believed that one hair dryer was much better than another but this one sure is. It is an investment in me and I am so glad I bought it.
I like it but the lady of the house would like a smaller one easier to manuver
very good!!
Bought as a gift and my mom loves it.
Excellent very responsible
very powerful blowdryer but doesn't fry my hair
Fits my hair dryer perfect, love it!
fast shipping, A++++++++++
Fast shipping. Awesome blowdryer.
very loud and have burning smell. from the first use you know it will die soon.
DO NOT BUY THIS HAIR DRYER.  I have very thick, strong, long hair, and this dryer BURNED OFF MY HAIR.  It is way too powerful and gets way way way too hot. I now have a giant chuck out my hair on one side. It also burned the plastic tips of my round brush. Disaster.
My curly hair, somewhat thick, used to take at least 30 min to dry (sectioning off and drying with a round brush). After that it would take me another 15 min to straighten and smooth it to get frizz out. This dryer dries my hair STRAIGHT without having to section it off. I don't even have to flat iron it afterwards!!!  It is smooth, straight, and frizz-less in under 10 min!  Amazing!  Will NEVER buy any other dryer!!
I bought it 3 months back. No problem at all. Serves well. Quickly dries my hair. I mostly use it in medium speed. It's a light weight dryer.
Love it. Have very long thick hair. Cut drying time almost in half. Did not frizz my hair as other dryers have in the past.
It is easy to use
I have owned this for a little over a year and it's been working on and off for a few months now. At first it was fine but I may need to replace it soon. I use this about 1-2 times a week. Longer when it worked for winter.
This works well and is easy to use, the cord from the base to the drier could be a little longer
Present for my mom and it's very good quality for price.
I'm so excited when I receive this item, and can't wait to try it. The product was shipped from Japan and took about 20 days to be delivered.
I have always loved the andis hairdryer but paid thirty some dollars for this and it only lasted couple months the switch quit working and the dryer would get so hot would shut off before could get my hair dry
Nice hair dryer for everyday & travel.<br />Has on-going problems with the retractable cord.
This is AMAZING!  Dries my hair very fast and it's so shiny when I'm done.  The only negative is that it's pretty heavy, but I'll just chalk that up to an arm workout!  :)
Light weight yet dries hair fast
Has a 110 or 220 setting so it's perfect for worldwide travel. Works with a plug adapter. No converter needed.
Broke after a month and a half :(
Nice and compact. It's a bit noisy, but I think that's a function of its size. The cord and plug are not as large as some, so it's footprint is small, which is exactly what I was looking for to travel to the UK. It's not lighter than my larger one but it will work just fine.
Dries my super thick hair faster than any other hair dryer I've owned.
Easy install.
Love it so far. No complaints that I've come across
Works well and has multiple heat settings and speeds.
very good dryer, nice power, not as heavy as the reviews I read previously.
I had same product before they changed the switches.  New switches are hard to adjust.  Other than that, it dries well.
When you brake your arm or can't use your  arm/hand and you only have one good hand! This is the best choice out there for you!
excellent
Terrible blow dryer!!! It caught fire rite after I turned it on!!! You get what you pay for with this dryer, LITERALLY!!!!!
High wattage drys hair very fast
This dryer is amazing!!! Used it for the first time today. Leaves hair very soft and no frizz. It is a little heavier than a normal hair dryer, but I love it!!!
For an inexpensive hairdryer it fills my needs. I use it when I travel, I would love for it to be<br />a bit smaller and lighter, but that may not be possible considering the existing features.
Perfect!
Works very well. Just got it about 3 months ago and have been traveling with it with a converter and it is still working well and doesn't leave my hair too frizzy.
Absolutely loved it.  Until it quit working.  After six weeks the &#34;low&#34; setting was just a slight puff of wind.  The &#34;high&#34; setting then had as much power as the low setting had previously when it was working properly.  At the same time, the &#34;hot&#34; setting became so incredibly hot that the coils inside glowed bright orange.  So I started using the &#34;warm&#34; setting.  It's now completely worthless.
I love this hair dryer!! I have long, thick  hair, and it only takes about 10 min to dry it!!! I used to spend about 25 min just drying my hair and another 15 min styling it. I've reduced that time to just 15 min. What's not to like?
It works and makes her happy: 5 stars.
it has something wrong!! Graduated from spark fire
This is really heavy, pretty quiet for the size
This a good hairdryer. I use it as my everyday dryer. It is a bit heavy for packing if weight is an issue.
Amazing! Gets hot and works perfectly. The price is right and this product will get plenty of usage. I'm in love 😍😍😍
I have to say, this dryer is amazing! I have long, thick  hair, and I use a hair dryer a few times a week with a round ceramic brush to straighten it. My hair is softer, the blow out lasts longer, and it dried faster then my old dryer. Must buy! If it works on my difficult to straighten hair, it will definitely work on anyones! The Allure features two speeds and three heat settings to offer control and professional styling versatility for all hair types. it allows you to pick the speed and heat you want without damaging your hair. Very powerful, sturdy, leaves hair soft, dries quickly, not too loud, and aesthetically pleasing. No breakage. Satisfied with the results. Attachments work well. i received a free sample in exchange of my honest opinion.
works excellent
love it!
New to hair dryers but does everything it should and a bit more.
Worth it! I'm so glad I listened to my hairdresser when he recommended this hair dryer. Obviously, he uses his multiple times each day and his lasts for years. It really did cut down my drying time. Only negative is the weight. I don't mind it as I'm using it - it's an other arm workout :) it's when I travel with it that makes me wish it was lighter. I'm always to the weight limit on my checked bags so this goes into my carry on and it's another workout! Still love it and would recommend it.
mi friend loved it
Works good .
This thing has almost as much hot air as a politician! With adjustable temperature settings, variable wind intensity and an &#34;off&#34; switch, this thing is 20 times more responsive than any political figure currently in office.<br /><br />Temperature variations are modest, little chance of frying your skin. Controls are a little cumbersome/awkward but it works, and I don't usually need to shift around much during drying incidents.<br />Air power is effective, if not stunning. Good for drying hair, not good for blowing large spiders across a tile floor (limited cord reach and range of power). Absolutely terrible for flying kites with small dogs attached.<br /><br />I think maybe I'd enjoy seeing a laser sight attachment so I can focus drying power on specific strands of troublesome hair... but we don't always get everything we want.
cord does not retract majority of the time
I researched a LOT of hair dryers, wanting one that wasn't too noisy and that had BOTH temperature and fan settings-- Found it!! This is the one!! It wasn't as expensive as some that just seemed like more than I needed. It does the job I need it to, in a short amount of time, w/o frying my hair!  It's not the Large size so it fits easily in my suitcase and travels well. I love the matte finish, which keeps it from sliding off the counter-- just feels solid in my hand without being heavy!
Bought for my wife and she loves it.  No complaints
Even, fast drying
Favorite dryer!  Dries hair quickly!
Long story short.. I used it 4 times and it is now dead.<br />Cons: I bought it locally in late January, used it 4 times and now it has died.<br />When i first used it I heard something rolling around inside the unit while I was drying my hair.<br />I tried shaking it out but got nothing.  I was pretty much expecting it to not last long at this point.<br />I began to dry my hair today and again heard the sound, then a loud &#34;Clack&#34;. The unit quit and had a burning smell.<br />I shook it over the counter and 2 small pieces of red plastic shook out of the front. Nothing wrong on the outside so<br />must have either broke off inside or been left inside by sloppy workers.<br /><br />Pros:  I really wanted this machine to work for me so I will purchase a replacement and give it a second try, since it<br />seemed defective right out of the box (having something rolling around in it.)<br />I love the retractable cord.  It's only about 5 ft long so could have been longer but was adequate.<br />I just hate winding a cord around a machine.. it's messy.. the machine might still be hot etc.<br />Yes of course you have to hold the plug as you retract it or you'll get wacked.<br />It has a nice heft to it and seemed very solid.  Attachments stayed on when in use.<br />It moves a Lot of air thru it - more than the comparabe Remington D 3020 Volume and Shine hair dryer (which I also had on hand).<br />I was just begining to compare the 2 when the Conair bit the dust.<br />This was disappointing after having a hand held unit that worked for 36 years.
I really loved this blow dryer however,  I have only had it for about 5 months and it has just stopped working. I didn't use it everyday either.
Broke after using it for two weeks
If you are purchasing this dryer solely for the cord retraction feature, you will be very disappointed.  Very seldom does the last 10-12 inches retract into the handle.
I used this blow dryer while in Spain.  It worked wonderful!
I loved this blow dryer.. :( but mine just died. I had it for almost 4 years, so it was probably worth the price, but.. i think i'd rather get a new one that lasts longer.
Can dry hair faster than the other of the same voltage I ever used.  A good compact hair dryer!
I use this to travel internationally (so far just Denmark and Spain) and it worked fine with the European adapter. Just make sure to flip the little voltage switch before you use it!
Love this quiet, efficient dryer!!
The plug broke after one month.  Now I have to fiddle with the plug in the outlet to get it to come on, then it keeps turning off.  An electrician checked the electrical circuit, which is OK. It is definitely the plug on the hair dryer.  If I move it around in the outlet, the hair dryer will turn on and off and on...  It was a Christmas present I bought it early December, so now the return policy just ran out (missed it by a few days).<br /><br />Do NOT buy this hair dryer!!!!  Cheap piece of junk.
I love my light weight hair blower !  It is quick and easy and my hair comes out so soft and not frizzy.<br />It has two heat settings. I start out with the high one for a couple of minutes and then switch to the low<br />and it still dries nicely but does not stress my hair. I have very fine hair and lots of it so it is not easy to<br />dry. Oh, and my hair is long. This dryer is keeping my hair so nice people ask me how I make my hair<br />look like it belongs on a 30 year old. I'm 65. This wonderful blower has a lot to do with it !
My old Remington ProAir Ceramic just died and I purchased this as what I had hoped would be a suitable replacement. Not even close. The airflow is too forceful. Even on low this dryer whips my long straight hair into a tangled mess. The nozzle is too narrow so it further concentrates the airflow. The dryer is on the heavy side for it's compact size..The high heat setting gets way too hot. Even low, once it heats up, seems excessive.<br /><br />It's going back.
Product description is wrong. There is no &#34;cool shot button&#34;.
nice retractable cord
Love this dryer...for the two levels of intensity no matter what heat level.
I liked working fine
Very light and has strong power
Just what I wanted
Night light was too bright and can not be turned off or down
it's functional for a 20 dollar item.<br />one complaint though is the burnt smell it gives off; it makes the product seem really flimsy and cheap and uncomfortable
I admit, I was skeptical about whether or not this dryer would really make a difference in how my hair felt but it did!  I have noticed that if I use a<br />Higher speed than is recommended for my hair type, it doesn't make as much of a change but if I follow the proper instructions, my hair is soft<br />And shiny and the results are incredible!
Long lasting, and serves it purpose!!!!!
Very powerful.
Excellent.
Excellent. It's very easy to put together, it's not too loud actually I'm watching jeopardy while under the dryer right now! The bell is not too loud when the timer is done. The only annoying thing is you hear the timer ticking but I'm used to that from going to the beauty salon it goes unnoticeable. Delivery was quick and swiftly and customer service was excellent. My hair dried very quick and I didn't even put it on the max heat. I'm African American with shoulder length hair 4c and I never had a perm. I'm glad I purchased this dryer because it is an reasonable price
It shoots sparks fairly often. Kind of scary.
Quiet and efficient.<br />Nice wall mount.
I bought this dryer for my 7 year old as her first hair dryer.  It's very small and lightweight so she can easily hold it.  She enjoys being able to dry her own hair.
I love the hair dryer but the comb attachment starting breaking on our first use.
I put these in Rv's because they fit in a tight spot and work well.  Glynnsrv.com
This hair dryer is quiet, powerful and hot. Looks good, easy to handle. Very happy.
Perfect for My 6 yr old daughter. Fits her hands perfect, Mini and Mighty, she uses the low setting, the high setting is very powerful.
Bought for wife.  Must be good, she takes it in all the trips
This is a good hairdryer for travel and okay for every day it's not the best driver I've ever used but it does the trick.
Good price.very pleased
Have had this for almost 3 years now without any problems.. That's impressive for hai dryers and hair straighteners anymore
I wanted to like this blow dryer more because of the reviews on it. But there just aren't enough heat settings on it, and it gets really hot, too hot! But the combs are sturdy, and it's serves it's purpose when I decide to use it. I switch up with my Vidal Sassoon dryer, when I need something with more alternatives to heat settings.
Sadly the product broke the first month of use.  I would not recommend purchasing.
Simple blow dryer with cool function
Doest hold my hair dryer at all no matter how I try to get it in.  Would return but not worth the time or money.  Don't waste your money. Get the handless hairdryer stand they work!
Love this dryer! Well worth the money!!  So glad I finally bought it!! :)
Not for a short nozzle dryer- it pops right off, but it's a good bowl and finger design of medium depth.
Excellent hairdryer. My wife loves it!
Very good quality ! I love it!
The hair dryer does well with my thick hair. good in the hand, the cord is a bit forceful. At times I have to pull it out again to get it to retract fully but this could be attributed to independent factors (angle of handle when activating cord keeper).  Fantastic for saving space.
Daughter loves it...
Lighter than my previous hair dryer.  And it dries faster with softer results.
Best I have ever purchased!!!
I was apprehensive about buying this because it was more expensive then what I usually buy, but it's well worth it. Dries my hair very fast without a lot of high heat. We got this mainly for my husband because he has dreads and this was recommended to dry the dreads out completely and now both of us use it.
Sunbeam is not worth a s***.
Love it
I purchased one of these which quit working after a few months.  Andis replace it under warranty.  The warranty replacement lasted 3 months with use 4 - 5 times per week.  I cannot recommend this product and will avoid Andis products from this point on.
does not turn on - very dissapointed
Have had it for 4 years and still going strong!! :)
Wife loves it.
I read some bad reviews on this hair dryer but so far I have not had any problems with it. I actually love it, cute colors and drys well
NA
NA
NA
NA
