Used this microwave as a built-in. I had a specific width opening in some shelving and wanted the most cu ft and features in this width. Only been using it for a couple weeks however it has met my expectations. The body of this unit is black so if you are looking for an all stainless for countertop use this would not be the one.
Had this microwave for only 18 month and the door latching spring broke.  Now I can't close the door, and nothing works.
This microwave SUCKS and so does the seller!!!! I purchased this microwave in April because I was remodeling my kitchen and was upgrading to this better quality stainless steel over the range microwave.  Well how I said I purchased it in April, but didn't install it until the beginning of August.  The delivery was fast, but when I reccieved it, two of the back corners were dented, but I decided to install it anyways because it was in the back anyways and nobody would ever see it.  It is now October and it has gone out on me.  I was about to warm up my dinner when I pressed start and BOOM it went out.  It turned off just like that.  It never turned back on. I am really dissapointed becasue I thought I had purchased a good quality product.  I contacted the seller and he said to call Samsung and they would cover it since its still under warranty.  Well it is under warranty, but the thing is it turns out this is a refurbished unit when the seller says he purchased it new from Lowes.  He's a liar becasue Lowes does NOT sell refurbished units.  So now I'm out a couple hundred $$$ and now I have to purchase a new one.  People please listen to the reviews and don't buy this microwave, whether it's her or some other place.  Save yourselves time, money, and dissapointment.  Also, do NOT buy from this seller he is sooo unproffesional and NOT helpfull. I only give it one star because I have to give it a 1-5 or else I would give it a 0.
This is the third model of this microwave I have bought.  Since I do a lot of cooking with my microwave, I enjoy all the features this one has:  particularly, the &#34;baked potato&#34; and &#34;sensor reheat&#34; functions.  Not only was I overjoyed to find the exact model, I saved over $70 on my replacement!  I was also pleasantly surprised when it arrived three days after my order!
This was the Consumer Reports recommended one, and we bought one based on that, only to have it fail within 24 months.  I won't be wasting money on repairing this, and certainly won't be buying a Samsung brand.
I purchased this product because our last Spacesaver finally bit the dust after almost 20 years.  Not the same quality product as previously produced. Door sticks , popcorn button doesn't always spin turntable as indicated in manual.
Evidently this is a common problem with Samsung microwaves: the keypad shorted out after less than two years of use, resulting in the microwave, stove light, and exhaust fan becoming inoperable.  The cost of repair- for labor only- would have been $150 for an item that originally cost $220.  After several calls to Samsung's Executive Customer Relations department, I was curtly informed that Samsung is unwilling to take ANY action to remedy this situation.  My only option at this point is to replace the microwave - NOT with a Samsung product- as I have no way of running the exhaust fan in my newly-remodeled kitchen. And even worse, due to some new environmental law, I will have to PAY to dispose of this worthless piece of junk.<br /><br />Samsung does not stand behind the products they sell. Samsung has atrocious customer service.  Across the board their products get poor reviews, yet they are unwilling to take any action to correct the problem and maintain good customer relations. They appear to operate under the assumption that  for every dissatisfied customer, there are thousands more willing to buy their shoddy crap. This attitude is unacceptable, especially in these tough economic times.<br /><br /> I will NEVER buy ANY Samsung product, EVER!  Save yourself the aggravation:  DO NOT BUY!
This microwave fits perfectly with our GE Cafe gas range, which is why we bought it. It's quite heavy - apparently due to the built-in convection oven. Disappointing is the plastic handle, which look like stainless steel, but isn't.  I expect more from an $800 appliance.  Also, if you plan to vent this into the kitchen, make sure you have a cabinet over the microwave that is not more than 13 inches deep.  The microwave vents are on top of the front of the microwave and blow straight up.  Other microwaves have vents that fold open, which is a really cool idea. Again, the GE Cafe falls short here.  Hence, only three stars for now.  I will update this as we use it more.
This Whirlpool WMC2005YW 0.5 cubic feet countertop microwave oven is the best microwave we have ever had. We sold our house, where we had a built-in micro, and moved into a condo 4 years ago and bought a small Haier. The only thing good about the Haier was,  it was small, so when it blew out we had to go small again. I totally counted on the reviews for this micro and, thank you everybody, you are so right! I got the white one because my counters are white and it is so cute, just nestled into that small space. The best part is that it really works well. We feared making popcorn, which the Haier never, and I mean never, did well. Always burnt no matter what we tried. This Whirlpool made perfect popcorn at 2 1/2 minutes. We snack on it every night and the bag fits in perfectly with room to spare. It will fit a dinner plate easily and heats evenly. There is a 30 second button, start, stop, and a clock that also doubles as a timer. We have never used the auto buttons. I would buy this again in a minute.
fits well on countertop in small space. Works very well warming and re-heating. Works better that other microwave that was much bigger.
Everything is great!!! Just a warning!!!! Double check the template used for the upper cabinet. Actually check it against the unit. In my case I replaced an older Maytag, so I had two existing holes in my cabinet. Then added two more because of the template only to fine that they do not line up!!!!!! I superimposed the template over the unit and sure enough the holes did not line up!!! So I did not make a mistake!!!! The Template was off. No real big deal but now I have six holes.<br /><br />Double check the holes!!! Unit is great!! Previous unit did not vent out of the house. This one I installed a vent to the outside through the back and it has a really powerful motor. This Microwave gives you three options,Vent back,vent from the top or recirculate. I do not reccomend recirculating!!!! If you can vent this unit or any unit always vent!!!! I had some major issues venting this unit because of structural issues, like wires that I had to reroute etc but I knew that when it was over I would be smiling and I am!!!! For the price this unit works as good as any for much more money and the VENT is the Greatest!!!!!
I am very satified with this microwave although I was surprised when I saw two small dents on the door.  This of course does not in anyway hamper the workings. I would recommend this product for its efficiency.
I needed a small microwave for my small kitchen and this one fits the bill. (Why aren't there more small appliances out there? Oh right, we live in the U.S., where bigger is supposedly better).<br /><br />Anyway, this microwave has performed fine so far (powerful enough for reheating leftovers in a timely manner). It doesn't heat very evenly, but in my experience, most microwaves don't. If it's soup, no problem, just stir. If it's a frozen burrito, the ends will be bubbling while the middle is still frozen. Annoying.<br /><br />However, the biggest complaint after having this microwave for just one month is that there is a thin layer of plastic over the control buttons and it is already scratched and peeling off in some places! Makes me concerned about the overall quality of this thing.
Bought GE's 2006 model. It became a bread box/clock four days ago (about 9/15/2012). Scheduled one of their authorized repair men. Took him 5 minutes to determine that the only problem was that the microwave generator thingy quit. The display, oven light and turntable are as good as new, but the micro doesn't heat anything. Cost of the part = $400. The good news is that the $75 house call will be offset by getting a coupon redeemable for $100 if I buy another GE Profile over-the-range. My cheap, little, off brand counter top microwave just won't quit working. I'm not certain what to do.<br /><br />One last thing, the halogen surface light quit about six weeks after original purchase. You have to stand on your head, and use a special backhanded screw driver to replace the bulbs. Very convenient feature, but maybe I should have paid an authorized repair tech to replace the bulbs.
My old microwave (dating back to the mid-90s) finally bit the dust.  I was worried that I wouldn't find another compact microwave to replace it, but this one fits the bill.  It is small, but big enough for the needs of our 3-person household.  I find height to be more limiting that width in microwaves, and this one offers about the same height as a regular one.  It's not as powerful as some of the full-sized microwaves, but an extra minute of waiting is worth it for the small footprint.  It's attractive although the buttons are not terribly intuitive.  The rounded back works well for our needs, as it nestles into the corner even better than our previous unit.  After a few months of use, I'm quite pleased with this purchase.
I have been using this microwave for four years now without any issues. A nice deep oven with a really powerful fan. Good results every time I use it!
I purchased this to replace a much larger microwave taking a lot of counter space.  Since we only use a microwave to reheat food and pop popcorn, this microwave is perfect.  I held off using it for several weeks because the inside wall of the microwave had a rectangle piece of cardboard screwed into the side with a metal and some plastic screws.  I removed the screws and cardboard but there were no instructions to tell me to remove it.  Once removed, there was a rectangle hole on the inside wall that was next to the turntable plate.  My old microwave didn't have an open space.  My concern was that if I heat soup, it could run over the bowl and spill inside this open space.  It still doesn't make sense to me because the cardboard couldn't have been meant to be left in since it can't be wiped down when cleaning the inside of the microwave.  Oh well, this mini micro works great and heats everything we need to the correct temp using the approximate times I used on my old microwave.  Yes, I'd purchase this again but I'll also be purchasing a rubber mat to place under it because it slides around when opening or closing the door.
Keypad error SE.  $185 to repair.  I'm getting a new microwave, but can't seem to find a good review on any of them from someone who had it more than 1 year.
Had microwave for about four years and no problems, it was the only one you could<br />see to operate in my center island without getting down on the foor.<br />as for cooking it seems to cook better than my old one with a turntable
After about 18 months of working beautifully, we also got that SE error. Called an authorized dealer and between the cost of a service call, the price of labor and the price of the new keypad, it will cost $200 to fix.  No way!!  I will be purchasing a new microwave and it will most definitely NOT be a Samsung!! Time to issue a recall like they do with cars...they know who has registered this product. We should all be given replacement keyboards free of charge. We need lemon laws for appliances. I urge you to stay away from this one.<br /><br />***UPDATE***<br />I spoke with the authorized service provider and he suggested I contact Samsung directly (1-800-726-7864). I spoke with customer service and then was transferred to Executive Customer Relations. They first offered me a free replacement part but told me I would have to pay for the service call and any labor charges. I told her that was not acceptable as that would still cost me $135. She put me on hold again and came back telling me she could give me as a courtesy a ONE TIME ONLY warranty extension. She made it clear it would not ever be repeated. So, at least now I will have the repair done at no cost to me. Hopefully the new part will last longer than the original.  I suggest you try giving them a call if you are one of the many with this problem.
It's a decent microwave, no better or worse than others I've had over the last 30 years in terms of cooking.<br /><br />If it looks nice in your kitchen and matches your other appliances, it might be worth considering.<br /><br />However, please know that this is the first time I've ever had a microwave that wont' let me set a timer while cooking.  Nor will it let you cook food in it while a timer is running.
This product initially worked very well.  Within a few months, we found that the microwave would come on all by itself.  It totally quite working in about 1.5 years.  I have read many complaints just like this one.  It should have been recalled by the manufacturer.  I will never buy this brand again.
Very happy with this purchase. For the money, great product.<br /><br />I was a little concerned, because some had mentioned the clunky door, but I find no problems with it.
