I have had this microwave less than 2 years and I too am getting the SE error code.  It is $99 just for someone to look at it!  You can't press any of the buttons.  This obviously is a manufacturer issue if there are so many complaints about it.  Now I have to spend another $300 on a new microwave not Samsung.
I don't find this microwave any noisier than others I've owned. I also find it very easy to use even without reading the instructions. So far it heats food evenly and is pretty powerful. Great basic, affordable microwave.
Replaced an existing OTR microwave that had a burnt out magnetron. It's been several months since install, and I am still very happy.<br /><br />1) Carousel works.<br />2) Has a convenient 30 second or single button push for 1-9 minute intervals Can warm up small dishes or teas with the 30 second quickstart.<br />3) Nukes food up really quickly.<br />4) Very easy to install. Even with a old house, I used the printed template to drill guideholes and place in the retention frame. Took me two hours, and I was able to pop it in place all by myself.<br />5) Vent does a good job at sucking.<br /><br />Got it in fast, and in great condition. If you need a cheap replacement, this is it.
This is a great small microwave. It fits in a small area. Replaces an existing. This works much better. Do recommend
Two days in and I couldn't be happier with this purchase. Small foot print, excellent build quality and yet holds a full size plate. It's also the quietest microwave I have ever owned. You can barely hear it. The LCD is super bright and the controls are so easy to use. I love how the entire front sure is flat - makes for really easy clean up. I would so buy this again and again.
I brought a samsung SMH9187ST back Nov. 2010, which is the same exact microwave as the SMH 1816S with the exaact same features listed. On June 14, 2011, I had a technician come to my home to repair this unit. This unit was under warranty at the time. On May 6,2012, samsung microwave display SE on the screen. Call samsung office and they referred me to a service tech. also, stating the unit was not under warranty regardless of the last repair date. I call the service tech. office somewhere in Norcross,GA.to find out what it would cost for a visit to my home. The office employee(not the tech.) stated the tech. visit for my area would be $140.00 to look at and replace the unit part which would cost $75.00. Total cost $215.00 The employee that was not a tech. quoted me the cause of my problem and the part that cause the problem without some even looking at the unit. Sounds like the repair company already have a lot of information without every touching or looking at this samsung microwave unit. This appears to be an on going problem with this unit even though the on thing that has change is the model number Samsung SMH1816S.<br />If, you have not had a problem in the first year consider yourself lucky. When you have had two problems in 18 months with this unit it is time for a recall on your product. Stay away from this microwave unless you don't mind an inconvenience and spending more money.
Worked great for the first 2 years than completely broken.  AFter charging me $99 to look at my microwave, the GE repairman indicated that the repair would cost over $400.  Wow - what a ripoff.  I expected a profile to last a little longer than that.  If you want to replace this in 2 years - go ahead and buy.  Otherwise, look for a brand other than GE.
This microwave was installed by our builder in our new home a year and a half ago.  I'm not sure why, as I have since found out that the service technician for this area has been out numerous times to replace these microwaves.  Ours died after 17 months of regular use.  It will run but will not heat anything.  I called Whirlpool to troubleshoot this, and all they did was put me through an automated call that set up a service appointment.  At no point did they tell me what this service call would cost.  So I had to call back and get a customer service rep who told me it would be $129 for someone to come out to my home.  That of course does not include any parts or replacement.  I can buy a brand new microwave that works from a better company for twice that.  Why would I fix a microwave that broke in a little over a year of use.  In all my years of microwave use, I have never had a microwave break.  It's pretty ridiculous to me to have it break in a little over a year, especially when my neighbor had hers break two months prior.  I would never buy a Whirlpool appliance again.
Purchased this product from Warehouse Deals (Fulfilled by Amazon) which was advertised as USED but in GOOD condition, microwave oven arrived April 28, 2012. The product did not work and the door was damaged. Contacted GE Tech support who dispatched a repair tech to my home on May 1, 2012, who indicated the door was bent and the microwave had internal damage. He also stated he would ship the parts to my home and when they arrived to call GE for him to return. On May 5, 2012 the parts arrived, notified GE immediately and a tech representative  would be responding Monday May 7, 2012. I don't know if this product  had damage before it was shipped by Warehouse Deals or it was destroyed in transit by UPS. I will keep this situation updated as time progresses then either keep the rating or change it? Just a note...reading all the bad reviews on this particular GE Profile Spacemaker microwave oven (PEM31SMSS) I'm contemplating  having additional problems with this particular GE microwave. I really had no choice, this unit replaced my old GE Profile Spacemaker microwave (JEM31SF01) that was built into a custom kitchen cabinet; as I required the exact dimensions/screw lineup for the interior metal holding frame and the stainless steel trim covers.<br /><br />Update 5/9/12: The GE technical representative responded to my residence Monday 5/7/2012 who subsequently replaced the front door and some internal electronic parts. The new door still did not align properly with the frame. The rep contacted GE and informed them of the continuous failure of the door not to align correctly. A decision was made to replace the entire unit with a new replacement. I will keep this situation updated if and when the new microwave arrives from GE.<br /><br />Update: 5/17/12: A brand new microwave was delivered to my home and installed by a installation/repair company sub-contracted by GE. One of the installers from this third party company advised me this specific GE Profile Spacemaker microwave oven (PEM31SMSS) is their #1 problematic GE microwave; for the reason that the inside paint peels-off within 3 to 6 months of use. The gentleman also indicated they exchange these microwave's more than any other GE microwave. With all this latest documentation and all the negative reviews on this particular model (PEM31SMSS) what's the probability of my new microwave lasting the test of time???..... Mediocre To Put It Mildly. As I previously indicated, I had no recourse, since I needed a replacement to fit into a custom cabinet, with the correct dimensions/screw lineup for the interior metal holding frame and the stainless steel trim covers; these two items cost more than the entire microwave alone. In conclusion, I would recommend everyone to purchase a different model GE or a different brand all together.oven (PEM31SMSS) is their #1 problematic GE microwave; for the reason that the inside paint peels-off within 3 to 6 months of use. The gentleman also indicated they exchange these microwave's more than any other GE microwave. With all this latest documentation and all the negative reviews on this particular model (PEM31SMSS) what's the probability of my new microwave lasting the test of time???..... Mediocre To Put It Mildly. As I previously indicated, I had no recourse, since I needed a replacement to fit into a custom cabinet, with the correct dimensions/screw lineup for the interior metal holding frame and the stainless steel trim covers; these two items cost more than the entire microwave alone. In conclusion, I would recommend everyone to purchase a different model GE or a different brand all together.
Whirlpool's description of this microwave is spot on.<br /><br />The only thing that would be nice would be a numeric keypad, but there really isn't space given the compact design.<br /><br />We have oversized dinner plates, and they fit in here with very little to spare, which means this microwave is perfect for us.
Warning:  For appliances, Amazon.com reviews are skewed to the low side.  Most people who write appliance reviews do so because their apppliance stopped working and they get mad and want to take it out on the company.<br /><br />The Problem:  most microwaves are made by a few Asian companies.  GE has stopped manufacturing most small appliances and even some major appliances.  Many of the GE refridgerators are not only made in Korea, they were designed and engineered by Korea and only have a GE label slapped on them.  The expensive GE Profile microwaves are made by the guys who make the Panasonic and other microwaves.<br /><br />With an appliance or piece of electronics, it can be the luck of the draw.  There is a basic reliablity curve, called the bathtup curve. In the first few months of a product's life, there is a high percentage of units that fail.  Then, if you get past that, there is a long period where the odds of your product failing is very low, until end of life is reached, maybe 10 to 20 years later.  The people who write reviews in Amazon are the unfortunate ones who products fail during that initial period.<br /><br />My microwave broke after 4 months.  But, GE customer service is great.  I called them up.  They came to my house the same day.  It needed parts the repair did not have on his truck.  He ordered the parts, which came 2 days later.  I made another appointment and my microwave was back in a week.<br /><br />This microwave is big inside.  I don't know how imporantant that is.  We can put big plates or platters in it.  But, if it wasn't so big, I could just put the food in smaller bowl.<br /><br />It has lots of heating options.  But, so do the cheapest microwaves.  Personally, I don't think any of those heating options are of any value.  It is not like they are reliable to work automatically.  With any microwave, you experiment a couple of times and then you konw what setting to use.<br /><br />Really, there are only 3 important features for amicrowave:<br /><br />1.  How it looks.  I think this looks great.<br /><br />2.  Power.  This is 1200 watts and heats food fast.  I wouldn't get anything under 1000 watts.<br /><br />3.  Quality.  Unfortunately, I don't think you can do much about this.
We bought this mainly because it had to be the same size as our old one, to fit into a space in our cabinets, and this was the closest. A bonus was the turntable, which my husband really likes.  It is larger inside than the old one, and more powerful, in the same space!  We have used it 4 months now with no issues at all.  The door does close and open rather hard, so we ease it closed, otherwise we love it! The controls are very easy to use.  We had a bit of trouble installing it, we could not get the bottom slots in the microwave  to slip onto the bracket, so we just bent the bottom of the bracket so the microwave sits on on it, and it is screwed to the cabinet from the top.  A good choice if it becomes available again.
I purchased the Danby as a gift for my nephew who has a small apartment. I selected it mainly due to the price (less than 60 bucks at walmart) and the fact that it takes up little counter space. Although I was not expecting much in terms of features, I've been really impressed with this.<br /><br />It offers a wide range of programming features. There are 6 one-touch buttons so you can set 1 to 6 minutes of cooking time with one key press. It also has an add 30 seconds feature that can be used at start-up or while the microwave is already running. There are also a host of timing options for cooking and defrosting.<br /><br />It looks really nice - much better than I was expecting. Pretty decent stainless steel trim on the front and the handle, and a black casing. Looks like it cost a lot more. Easy to clean, and the handle keeps fingerprints away from the front. One difference from the picture -- the key pad is all black, and not white and black as in the photo.<br /><br />The 0.9 capacity is just right. I also have a 0.7 capacity machine, but that has a problem with any dish that's larger than 11 inches. The 0.9 gives you a decent amount of interior space, but doesn't take up much more counter space than the 0.7.<br /><br />It has 900 watts of power, and does a good job of heating foods quickly. The interior light is bright and comes on when the unit is running or the door is open. Reasonably quiet when it is running - typical noise level for a microwave.<br /><br />Can't speak to reliability as of yet, but it comes with a 12 month warranty that is extended to 18 months if you register it online.<br /><br />Great machine if you're looking for something that is small, but still very usable. Highly recommend.
I have to agree with the other 1 star review. I would also give it zero stars if possible. This is my second GE Microwave that has died after one year. Last time it was the turntable motor, this time it was the control panel.  Of course the replacement is over $125. They produce garbage. No more GE for me.
Perfect replacement for my old one.  It is deeper than my old one but not to an extreme.  I can nuke larger items now.
Bought to fit in an 18 kitchen base cabinet, hidden behind a door. 1000 watts would be better, but this is the only choice for my requirements. I like the simple controls, as I use it only to rewarm leftovers and melt butter and chocolate.
I got this wine cooler as a gift. Looks nice.  I saw the reviews and assumed that the machine will fail after a few months.  It lasted barely more than a year and a half. After approximately a year it was making very loud noises and it did not longer cool. I use it as a wine rack (off) but will bring it to the curve one of this days.<br /><br />run away.
I've had a white one for 21 years. I had to install a new cap for our new range vent. Anything that lasts that long with no maintenance makes the purchase decission a no-brainer. Only issue is that it only comes in black, but a Rustoleum White spray can will fix that. Oh, and it's kind of hard to find in stores. Finally found a Lowes close to my work that carried it.
Just purchased this microwave and it is so loud that it seems like there is a semi tractor trailer idling in my kitchen. We could neither hear the television nor have a normal-volumed conversation with it on.  Everything else on the unit seemed great, but won't get to explore them as we will be returning it.
Buy anything else, just don't buy this piece of junk.  Multiple electrical problems, a door lock that failed, poor performance and lousy customer service all at a premium price.  You can buy better but you probably can't pay more.
I bought this fridge for my college son who lives on his computer. The only setback is that he says it doesn't accomodate larger cans of drinks. Other than that, he says it is the coolest invention!
I received the item before the expected date-package and it's contents were intact, no issues at all with delivery.<br /><br />I used it the day I received it; after reading the many helpful hints in these online reviews, it was very simple and easy to use. It works great for me, for small loads in my apartment-I live alone and don't have large amounts of laundry to wash.<br /><br />The tube they supply to fill up the tub didn't fit onto my faucet, but I have a plastic pitcher I used to fill it (three pitchers full, easy peasy). When in use, it sits right on my kitchen counter and the drain tube empties the water directly into my sink. The Panda is fairly quiet, if I have music or the tv on, I can't hear it at all.<br /><br />It's really been a huge help to me, and I use it often. I am planning on getting a mini-electric dryer as well, then I will only have to visit the laundrymat once a month, if that. I highly recommend the Panda-it's just so darn cute, and works like a charm with small loads.
It is the right price but it is not the same size as it says.  We had the exact same one just a little older and this one was slightly smaller.  1/4 on all sides.
This microwave has had one problem after another since it was installed close to a year ago. It's prone to all sorts of computer malfunctions. Let's see if I can even remember them all. We've had it start up again after pulling food out and closing the door (without hitting start again). It's often (50+ times) sounded as if it was working, but when I realized it had been an awfully long time without it chiming, I found that it had frozen just a few seconds into the heating. The most disturbing problem was that it has on perhaps five occasions turned on on its own--with no one in the room. There have been many occasions where it has just not worked at all. When this happened, unplugging it and plugging it back in used to reset it so that it would work. Unfortunately, it now won't work at all, with just the code, SE flashing on its display.<br /><br />We're buying a new microwave this weekend, and I can guarantee it won't be a Samsung.
In January 2011 I purchased a PEM31SMSS GE spacesaver microwave because it was the only microwave with >400 watts of power I could find that would fit in the space I have.  It looked nice - better than a plain black box.  Approximately 4 months later the keypad stopped working and the microwave was replaced under warranty.  In August of 2011 the replacement microwave wouldn't turn off, and was replaced under warranty.  In March of 2012 after heating a cup of coffee, the third microwave just went dark and wouldn't work any more.  The stainless model was no longer available and was replaced with the black, which arrived yesterday.  Today I unpacked it and plugged it in.  The interior light won't turn off and there is no keyboard response when I press the START button because something in the latch isn't making contact.  I think I've had one of everything that could go wrong.  I would definately not recommend purchasing a GE spacemaker microwave of any style.
Picked this up at our local Lowes for a good price. This model has the real stainless handle, and not the painted-grey handle I saw on a lower end model. We installed it with minimal problems for our kitchen out of the 1960's that usually has non standard things (finding a fridge that fit was very painful). We needed one with a low clearance distance to the cook-top - 14 inches or less, and Samsung meets the bill at 13 inches. After using a counter-top microwave for the past few years, this seems huge. I'm still learning all the features, but am certainly pleased by the power of the fan. I'm exploring the use of the sensor cooking and can't wait to use the rack to be able to actually cook the amount of squash I want at once - the old microwave was just too small. I'll update this review if I run into any problems as we run it through it's paces, but so far it was relatively easy to install and is easy to use.
I bought this microwave based on the Consumer Reports product ratings and up until a couple of days ago I would have highly recommended it. Unfortunately that is no longer the case. I awoke to sounds of it beeping every few minutes and an error code of SE. After a lot of research I have seen that this same code has appeared for a fair amount of others. Both the short and the long of it is that it can no longer be used with out spending good money after bad. I know that they don't make things now days to last a lifetime, but I would have hoped for it to last longer than less than 2 years. We are light users and I kept it very clean. I wish that I would have bought an extended warranty. I can only hope that I go the same way this did...quick and without warning and that someone would also say she was good while she lasted.
Not many reviews about this Danby unit. I replaced another 900 watt Hamilton Beach unit with this one. The main reason was the H-B unit light was off when the door was opened. Aside from that it was a good unit. I gave it away.<br />This Danby does have the interior light on when you open the door. This makes it easier to remove hot beverages without fumbling and spills. It is somewhat louder than the old one. It makes a humming noise when running. All make some noise, but this is almost annoying.<br /><br />At 900 watts you can expect moderate cook times. The table turns slower than others. The old one made one revolution in 10 seconds. This one takes about 13+ seconds. No big deal, but when heating a cup of coffee, the handle might be in the rear of the oven when finished heating. In other words, it was easier to use multiples of 10 (like 60 seconds) and have the handle of a cup right there in front.<br /><br />Aside from that it runs fine. No comment on quality since it too new to judge. At these lower prices they are pretty much throw-aways when they die. Like the other reviewer this unit was purchased at Walmart. I buy lots from Amazon and have alwaye been highly satisfied with service and products. It was simply cheaper at $73 total price with tax.
Always had Sharp microwaves - the first one lasted about 10 years, this model lasted 3 and died today. The lights are on, the timer goes down but no turntable, no fan, just doesnt work.<br />I know they wont last forever but 3 years is a bit too less.
Bought a Sharp Microwave Drawer one and a half years ago. Barely used it - warming leftovers once a week and softening butter a few times. Started to make funny noises and gave off an electrical smell. Because I bought it from an American Supplier - Sharp Canada is saying I have no warranty and suggest that I send the microwave to a family member in the US to have it repaired. This is ludicrous. Sharp US says I have to deal with Sharp Canada. To get it repaired here it will cost $286. Either way it will cost a small fortune to repair.
[[ASIN:B000UW1WW8 GE Profile : JES2251SJ 2.2 cu. ft. Countertop Microwave with Child Lockout and Extra Large<br />Capacity<br />I purchased this product less than two years ago & today it finally just stopped.This was considered a very good micro, however it should have lasted much longer. I no longer have any faith in GE products and would never recomend this product to anyone!
After owning this microwave for less than 3 years, we have had the door handle break off on the bottom TWICE!  The first time we had it fixed - which cost nearly as much as the microwave.  This was just over 1 year after purchasing (of course, because it was no longer under warranty).  Now, just over three years in, it has broken off again - exact same problem.  Oh, AND the glass on the front of the door somehow came undone on the top and fell down about two inches.  Absolutely the worst appliance we have ever owned.  I have also had problems with my LG dryer after less than 4 years of owning it.  LG should track down everyone who purchased this microwave and give them a refund.  I will never, ever buy another LG product again, no matter what type.
This is the first 1,200 watt microwave I've ever owned. It took just a while to figure out I didn't need things to heat as long, but once I figured it out, it is the best microwave I've ever owned. The only drawback I have is I wish the completed beeper was louder. Other than that, I am thoroughly satisfied with this microwave.
We've had ours (probably an older model) since 2004.  Paint in the back just peeled and it's doing some sparking.  Be careful, everyone.
If you put something in this microwave that is too tall (its easy to do because it doesn't have the same height as a regular microwave) it will knock it over when the motorized door closes.  It also does not have a spinning turn table so you have to rotate food.  Initially thought the motorized door was cool, but it takes a few extra seconds to open and close which can be frustrating.
Our JES2251SJ02 lasted 4 months past the 12 month warranty. The inverter blew and the cost for a replacement inverter was $225, a new JES2251SJ02 is $258 so were trashing it. GE is sending us a $100 credit check good only for another GE appliance. The repair man recommended buying the cheapest microwave available and getting the extended warranty on any appliance. Everything out there is trash, said he. I'm afraid he is right.
Everything so far seems to be working great.  We've only owned it for a few weeks but other than it being just a bit noisier than the old one we replaced, we are very happy with it.  Also the power is the same as the one we replaced it for but it seems to take about 15-20% longer cooking time than the old one.  The size of the microwave is larger than the old one, so maybe that is the reason it takes longer to cook.  Other than that I would still buy the same microwave over again if I had to do it all over again.  Great deal for the money.
After just two and a half years of use, the paint--is it really paint???--is peeling off the inside top in large pieces. No doubt we've eaten more unnoticeable bits. The microwave is built in. Anybody find a better one with the same dimensions?
We bought this oven based upon our son's usage of an earlier model.  There aren't that many drawer microwaves available.  Why buy a drawer microwave?  Well, the most important reason is that my wife wanted one in our new house!  Her arguments were as follows:  1) no need to lift or inspect foods over her head, 2) made space for a vent. While microwaves can generally be vented from the front or the above (top), our new house didn't have any vent.  So, all cooking fumes were vented into the room.  With this oven, we removed the cabinet above the existing microwave and installed a stainless steel vent hood (above the range).  Still, not perfectly ventalated.  I had to modify a base cabinet near the stove to accept the drawer microwave.  Not a problem for me as I am a woodworker, but a problem or extra costs for others.  In addition, I had to add an electrical outlet.  Not a problem for me as I am a retired electrical engineer, but maybe a cost for others.  After the installation, simple enough, the drawer didn't want to stay closed.  That is, you push the close button and the drawer closed but re-opened immediately.  I was about to call for service but I did the following:  push the drawer closed manually, that is by hand.  This seemed to work and then the automatic closure mechanism started working okay.  So, no service call required.  The only shortcomings I see are that the power is not as great as our prior microwave and that there isn't a rotating table.  Dispite this, we are happy with this model so far after about a year.  Shorter people may like this oven a lot, and, it is REALLY COOL!  So, I would recommend this oven.
Bought a Whirlpool over the range microwave and in less than six months needed a new magnetron.  It was repaired at no cost under warranty but rattles like it's ten years old.  Bought a used small Sharp micro at least ten years old, it works quietly and probably will outlast the Whirlpool.  Their refrigerators also are sub par. Dispenses warm water before it is cold, door shelf flimsy and falls off easily. No gallon storage in door and shelves cannot be placed without checking that the door will close. And, finally, the less than one year old KitchenAid disposal quit after jamming constantly, replaced with a quiet InSinkerator. Yes, KitchenAid is owned by Whirlpool.
I love this microwave.  It takes up barely any space on the counter, and the cord is well hidden behind it.  It works fine for just heating things up and defrosting.  The only thing to be aware of is that this really is a tiny microwave. You can fit a full size dinner plate, but there is not a lot of height inside.  I couldn't use my microwave rice cooker in this because it was too tall, so I had to purchase a counter top rice cooker instead, which doesn't seem to work as well.  Other than that, this microwave looks good on the counter and does the job.
I've had two service calls with this microwave within the one year warranty.  If it goes again, they tell me I am on my own. Shame on Whirlpool. I suspect that it may be more efficient to purchase a new microwave instead of having a service call for a circuit board that continues to be an issue. I'd steer away from this one....
We moved into a house that already had the MCO160UW microwave oven installed. After a few months the microwave would stop working and then randomly run on by its self for 3 minutes and 30 seconds. After deciding the microwave needed to be replaced for safety reasons we looked for another. We purchased one with the same length and width but after installing it realized the adjacent cabinet door wouldnt open since it  is at an angle due to the microwave sticking out too far from the wall. The standard size is 16'deep and up. Anything over 15' deep will stick out too far for the cabinet to open and the ONLY microwave available anywhere with 14.9' depth was this one. We desperately needed a new microwave so decided to give this same model, MCO160UW, a second try it failed again after 1 week of use. It will not run longer than 1 minute and 30 seconds at a time until it shuts off. In order to use it again you must wait a few minutes for it to turn back on. I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT.
The Haier Microwave was exactly as discribed and installed easily. It replaced a 10yo Hotpoint over the counter which began the fail and finally threw electrial flashes and died. As a low cost replacement, the Haier was the best I could find.
Last evening when I went to open the door on my Whirlpool microwave/convection/hood unit, which is about 26 months old, the handle cracked through completely, leaving it hanging by whatever supports the top of the handle (screws, I assume). Soooo, today I called Whirlpool to discuss the problem...the first person that I spoke with offered me a contract for $285 that she said would cover the service call, all parts & labor, plus would give me warranty coverage for 1 year.  Since the service call was going to be $129, I accepted the $285 offer (which I had to accept within 24 hours or it would not be offered to me again).  After verifying at least 3 times that this would cover all expenses incurred, I gave her my credit card # and she transferred me to what was to be the service appointment scheduling extension; actually, it was the extended warranty department, who told me that this $285 contract did not cover handles, knobs, etc...one hour later (was I frustrated by this or what???) still on the phone, having been transferred at least 6 times (each person I spoke with had the same message...I apologize).  I didn't want any more apologies...I wanted action!!!  The only action I got after FINALLY speaking with a supervisor was that I could cancel the contract (as if I didn't know this much), but it would take a few days to have my credit card credited.  Oh, when I told one of the 6 people I spoke with during that hour that I Googled this problem and found that I was not the only one that experienced this, she told me that competitors post those comments on Amazon.com...grrrrr.  I need to replace a dishwasher, stove, & refrigerator...they won't be Whirlpool.
I've had this microwave for a year now, and it has performed flawlessly. It also looks great, and is very easy to clean, inside and out. The best thing is the one-touch start for things like tea and re-heating. I don't feel like I have to program a computer just to make something to eat.
Good quality product.  Installed well and works great.  Some reviewers commented on the way the door closes, but I have found it to be just fine.  Hopefully it will last a long time.  I would recommend.  3/2013 Update:  The microwave has worked flawlessly for the past year.  Very pleased with it.  With lots of use and much by teenagers, it has shown to be sturdy and solidly built thus far.  It also cooks very efficiently.  Still happy and would still recommend.
This microwave stopped working 364 days after we bought the house. Unfortunately it was the Firday before a holiday weeked and I was not able to contact Whrilpool until the following week. Whrilpool refused to honor the warranty when I called becasue it was two day expired.   A service repair man then came to the house to diagnose the problem. He told me the the microwave needed an new magnetron and control board. However, he said me that I should just get a different microwave. If I replaced the parts in this microwave he would probably be back in another year becuase Whrilpool had so many problems with this model. After that recommendation I looked at reviews on the Whrilpool web sight and Amazon, defective magnetrons seem to be a problem with this unit.   I would not recommend purchasing this unit since it seems that there is a problem with functionality and their warranty department is unwilling to budge on anything.
This is a great microwave. It works great and it looks beautiful. I actually purchased mine online from walmart, but I order from amazon alot and wanted to put my review here for all of you. I've had mine almost 2 months now. It has a 3 prong grounding plug. It's 900 watts and heats things up a lot faster than my other microwave, so I'm still getting use to that. I'm going to try and address everything I see people asking questions about. First off, when you hit a number, for example 2, it will automatically start cooking 2 minutes. You can press the start button and add 30 seconds. If you want a specific time, for example 3 minutes and 45 seconds, you can press the power button, then the numbers, 3,4, and 5.  It will start cooking 3 min. 45 secs. It has a lot of buttons for specific items like popcorn, pizza, dinner plate, defrost, etc. It has a normal hum when running. It has a turntable. The clock is displayed in green. It beeps 5 times, not super loud but loud enough, then stops. The light comes on when you open the door and while cooking. It has an easy to use child safety lock to lock the door. I've not had any problems with fingerprints on the exterior.The handle pulls easily. It has a nice weight to it. I have mine on a cabinet with grip bottom shelving paper under it, so I don't know if it would slide on a smooth surface or not, mine doesn't.  The inside dimensions are 12 in. wide, 12 in. deep, and 8 in. high. The turntable plate is 10 1/2 in.  Plenty of room for most things you microwave. For the outside dimensions, the width (side to side) is 19 in., the height is 11 1/2 in. The outside dimensions given for depth includes the slight protrusion in back and the handle. The actual microwave is 13 in deep without the handle and protrusion in the back. Here's the best way to let you know the depth to know if it will fit on your shelf or wherever else you put it. I have my microwave sitting on a cabinet which is 1 in. from the wall. I have it sitting 1 1/2 in. from the back of the cabinet. The actual protrusion is about 1 in from the back of the cabinet. There are vents in the back (and on the side opposite the handle-left side if you're facing the microwave) plus the protrusion, so it needs some space. This means I have it 2 1/2 in. total from the wall. It comes out 15 in. from the back of my cabinet. The front legs sit back 2 1/2 in., which means that it is 12 1/2 in. from the back of my cabinet to the front legs. So, if your shelf is 12 1/2 in. deep, the legs would all fit on the shelf with the protrusion being 1 in. from the back of your shelf. I have the extra inch from the back of the cabinet to the wall, so if you don't, you might need your shelf to be at least 13 to 13 1/2 in. deep to give you more vent space. I think this covers everything. I think you'll be satisfied if you purchase this microwave.from the back of the cabinet. The actual protrusion is about 1 in from the back of the cabinet. There are vents in the back (and on the side opposite the handle-left side if you're facing the microwave) plus the protrusion, so it needs some space. This means I have it 2 1/2 in. total from the wall. It comes out 15 in. from the back of my cabinet. The front legs sit back 2 1/2 in., which means that it is 12 1/2 in. from the back of my cabinet to the front legs. So, if your shelf is 12 1/2 in. deep, the legs would all fit on the shelf with the protrusion being 1 in. from the back of your shelf. I have the extra inch from the back of the cabinet to the wall, so if you don't, you might need your shelf to be at least 13 to 13 1/2 in. deep to give you more vent space. I think this covers everything. I think you'll be satisfied if you purchase this microwave.
I bought this Microwave oven on June 1st 2010.  The handle is broken apart and the handle is loose  also the bottom of the doors have a crack.
I am completely disappointed in this microwave.  It stopped working after about 16 months, hence it was beyond warranty.  Every microwave I have ever owned has lasted at least 5 years!  Now Whirlpool wants to charge me $100.00 service fee?  This despite all of the documented magnetron issues in the reviews, yet they claim to not have any documented problems with this model.  DO NOT purchase a microwave from Whirlpool.  It's beautiful to look at, but now it's just a giant (pricey) paperweight hanging above my range.  I'll never buy anything from them again! It doesn't DESERVE a star, and neither does Whirlpool's customer service!
I had been using this microwave for only about two years when it suddenly began turning itself on! REALLY scary!! A bad fire hazard, and I have found others who report the same phenomenon with the same model. Wondering why it has not been recalled and who to lodge a complaint with!!
We owned this unit over 3 years.  The electronics went bad after a year.  It took 6 tries to get it working.  As reported elsewhere in these reviews, the machine would turn on all by itself.  Scary and dangerous.  Whirlpool would not replace the unit.  I wonder why these units weren't recalled.    The plastic parts (not a stainless steel unit) distorted and cracked in several places.  Those parts were replaced (under a separate warranty contract) 3 times!  The unit again has cracks and no warranty.  Last week, the bottom part of the door handle pulled out of the unit; it's held in by a small rubber flange that is sandwiched between the outer glass and an inner flat plastic piece.  Websites tell me that the glass must be disassembled to get a new handle inserted!  Gad!  It's outta here.  And the real shame is that the cooking functions are excellent.  But the next one will not be a Whirlpool, nor any other of Whirlpool brands. (Whirlpool makes/owns Whirlpool, KitchenAid, Admiral, Amana, Jenn-Air, Magic Chef, and Maytag.)
Update: Jan 21, 2012  Just when I thought my experience with Frigidaire could not get any worse, it in fact did.  Having the WARRANTY is worse than not having one.  The Microwave is not working from just around Christmas.  Early January, it should have been fixed.  The Service company called and told me that the parts are not available, so the next possible touch point is Feb 18th.  So, looking at guaranteed no microwave for about 2 months, and even after that there is uncertainty when it would be fixed.  Had I NOT had the Warranty, I would have just taken a loss and gone ahead an purchased another Microwave of a brand called NOT FRIGIDAIRE.  ===========  - This Microwave lasted less than 6 months  - Of course you think all should be fine because it is under warranty.  - Yes, it is under warranty, BUT:    a) you are given the direct contact of a Service Provider, and you are no longer working with Frigidaire directly.    b) So, the buck is passed from Frigidaire over to a third party Appliance Service company    c) The appliance service company guy came, took a look at the Microwave and said they will need to order parts either from their local supplier, or directly from distributor. This could take up to 10 days  So, now you are left hanging without a  Microwave for 10 days or more. With the time off needed to be away from Office to handle the multiple appliance service company appointments, the Warranty is just not worth it.  Also, called Frigidaire customer service.  The Customer Service person was TERRIBLE, and basically told me to deal with it and stop complaining.  NEVER AGAIN WILL I BUY A FRIGIDAIRE PRODUCT.
I ordered this Microwave to replace my 15 year old GE microwave/vent hood which had finally given up the ghost (after multiple repairs). I was pleased that I could install it myself using the templates and instructions included. It has fewer features than the expensive model it replaced but it works quite well and includes all the important features including the ability to use the existing vent or to vent into the room.
Mounting an over the range microwave is a pain. The price is not worth replacing the unit every 10-11 months. Buy something else.
This item works great, was pretty easy to install and matches our kitchen. Exactly what it says in the description, arrived on time. We have no complaints whatsoever with this item. I would definitely recommend it!
I bought this particular microwave oven because it would fit in the space over our stove and the price was very good. It's worked well, without any problems since I bought it a few months ago. My only complaint is that you can't have the timer going and cook something in the microwave at the same time. I've never had a microwave that couldn't do that so that's a little disappointing.
I looked everywhere for this microwave.  I had the same one a few years ago and wanted the same one in white because I wanted  to match it with my new kitchen.  It is not too big nor too small.  It was the perfect depth for my shelf in my kitchen.  Reliable appliance!
I purchased this microwave to match other Frigidaire appliances I have, with price in mind. I missed that you don't have the ability to turn off the turntable on this model--it seems like that should be standard anymore. If you are cooking in something too large to make the rotation, the turntable function can be damaged. I'm not used to having to push a cook time button before selecting the time. I'll get used to that, though. It gives three long beeps when the time is up, which is kind of annoying to me for some reason. Even when you open the door, the beeps continue. I haven't used it much yet. I tried the popcorn feature, and it needed at least another minute of cooking time beyond what that is preset for. I like that you can add 30 seconds with the touch of a button. But if I'd had more time (home construction--it arrived and was installed right away) and had purchased it locally where it would be easy to return, I would have returned it and opted for a different model. It looks nice, and I'm sure it will be fine.
This looks good and does what it is designed to do. My main niggle about this is that it is rather noisy, but as I only really use it for short periods anyway no more than 4 minutes at a time it is no big deal.
I had this installed when I did my first kitchen remodel about 6 years ago. Then all of a sudden in April of 2009, the unit stopped working. Everything else was fine except that it would not heat the food. It would even make all the noise and so on. So, I had to replace it, and decided to just buy a new one and reinstall it. To my horror, less than 2.5 years later, I have the exact same failure. On top of this, if you need any repair service, they charge you a minimum of $100 to just come and diagnose and on top of that charge you for parts and labor! I am so unhappy and furious for this to have happened twice in a row. I will never again buy anything from GE!!! And charging almost 40% of the price of a new unit just for someone showing up at your door is quite silly.
After reading the specs, my husband measured the height before installing. We replaced the cabinet over the stove to a shorter cabinet (we were remodelling the kitchen), so we have none of the problems with the heat on the latching mechanism other people mentioned.  I love all of the features on this microwave (especially the sensor cooking), it was easy to install, and after 8 years my only complaint is that the LED readout has completely burned out, so my cooking is now by braile.  I was checking Amazon to see how much money to replace this microwave and was really surprised by the reviews.  I will purchase this product again when it finally quits working.
Microwave MCO165UW  over heats and turns off.  First week had repairman out, ordered parts, after 3 weeks Magic Chef still had not sent parts, sent them 2 day.  Repairman came back out and replaced parts.  Still overheated.  Magic Chef said heat water if it does not turn off it works like it is suppose to.  Cannot steam vegetables, cook baked potatoes and so forth.  Who buys a microwave just to heat water?  Do yourself a favor and NEVER BUY Magic Chef.
My story is so similar to the other reviews.  Bought mine in 3/2008 - loved it worked fabulous for about a year.  Just to the end of the warranty.  Whirlpool's response to my request for warranty service at 13 months on a top of the line appliance was Tough Luck - you should have bought our warranty.  I got it fixed $200.  Then I bought the warranty - $125.  Two months later, it was down again.  Over 3 months, and 4 appointments, they replaced nearly every interior part.  Finally it was fixed again.  Two weeks later.....it is down again.  Very disappointing.
I have had no problem with the microwave -- everything has worked well since I bought the house 6 years ago, when the microwave was already 2 years old. The paint just now started to peel on the inside roof of the microwave, and since I am told that is problematic for paint chips in the food and for interfering with the magnetron, I need to replace the unit. I have the same problem as others who have posted reviews -- my kitchen has custom cabinets with a space for this size unit. I could remove my stove hood and fit an over-the-stove microwave/fan unit, but that would leave a hole where the current unit is located, and I would need to buy a custom cabinet for the hole. Seems like a lot of cost to just replace a microwave. Has anyone found another similarly sized unit? Or had GE fixed the obvious paint defect that is an obvious problem with this model?
it works
Wow, Wow, Wow! I was somewhat concerned about purchasing a microwave over the internet, but how great it was. I was even more than satisfied with the product it looks wonderful and works great as well. The price was less than the one we saw in the store and the delivery time was faster than what the computer stated. I had it install the same day and I am very happy about this product and the overall purchase. I know you will too.
When I opened the box, I saw the corner next to the push button was lose.  The thin and cheap stainless steel is only on the front, everything else is either painted metal and plastic.   I can't believe that the seller Abes of Maine Cameras and Electronics did not check the product before ship to the customer
Dont buy frigidaire. I bought a set of appliances (this being one of them) and the only one I havent had issues with is the stove so far. Haven't even had the stuff a full year.
The first time I used it, I was disappointed with it, but I don't know if it just got better, or if I pushed the wrong button the first time because it's been great since. Nice and roomy interior, easy to install (I did it completely by myself, though I recommend you have a friend). I did forget to change the fan so that it vented up at first, so I had to take it down to do that, but once you get the frame mounted on the wall, that part is easy. The hardest part was mounting it to the cabinet above... I'm not sure how they could have made it any easier though, the problem is mostly a matter of physics.    I would recommend this to anyone needing a decent power microwave to go over their range.
This General Electric microwave works fine as far as cooking things or heating up water; but my menu display has never worked. I can see the menu on the machine; but what the microwave is actually doing does not show up. It is a low powered microwave; so it takes a while to cook with it. I use it daily for cooking food and heating up water for tea or soup.     Underneath the rotating plate rusted as water from boiling water dripped down onto the inside of the microwave. So the plastic or polymer covering came off the bottom; but it works fine still spins around as it works. The light comes on when I open the door more than a year and a half later since I got it. It does not take up much space.
After 1 year of light use (maybe 3x per week to warm leftovers), the sensor stopped working and now the microwave does not heat anything.  The cost to repair is more than the appliance is worth.
Like and earlier reviewer I was looking for a replacement for a 5 year old cabinet installed JEM31 but could not find information about its compatibility.  I can't comment about the reliability but it's a drop in replacement.  I used all the same hardware including the faceplate from the old microwave.  As a bonus the unit seems a little more advanced also.  This unit is installed in a 12 inch cabinet which is a rare installation and I'm grateful it's still available.
We bought this to replace our GE that died after several services. Turned out to be very cheesy and after the warranty ran out the door handle cracked and then finally broke off. We will be replacing this with a GE which we should've done from the get go. This was a low price microwave but as the old saying goes...you get what you pay for . Some items can't be skimped on.
I would NEVER recommend this microwave to anyone. Within only a few months of owning, the handle broke off, and the front plastic cracked. Of course my husband lost the receipt, so we could not return it, so we've dealt with it with no handle for a year. Now the whole front plastic has broken off and the glass fell out so we can't use it any more. Why would LG continue to make such a poorly constructed product? The plastic is brittle and the construction is bad. I would say this microwave does not even heat food as well as some of my past cheap counter top models. If I could give this product 0 stars, I would. Please do yourself a favor and do NOT buy this product. We will never buy LG again.
I have had this microwave three years.  The only problem I ever have with it is that the door sticks sometimes.  I just have to tug on it every once in a while.  The oven works consistently and does everything it should.  The defrost stops intermittently to tell you to turn things over or separate them or whatever.  That is sometimes helpful and sometimes not -- If I have just one chicken breast in there to defrost I have to hit the button to resume defrost about three or four times.  I do respond by turning the chicken over one of those times.  I defintely recommend the microwave.
I bought my microwave directly from Whirlpool in March 2011. In July 2011 it died. The first repair man came out a week later. He order parts waited another week , second repair man came out to put in the new part. He said it was fried & could not be fix. Well whirlpool is supposed to be replacing the microwave. It's 4 week later close to 5 weeks & still no microwave. The service department is awful.
I purchased this microwave in October 2008 (2 years and 10 months ago) after a disastrous experience with a GE Spacemaker.  If I could give half-stars, I would give the LG a 4.5 at this point. It was very reasonably priced compared to others with similar features, and reasonably easy to install.  It does a good job overall, has some features that the Spacemaker did not have, but also lacks some nice features that the (much more expensive) Spacemaker had.    Here's what I really like about the LG:  1. Multiple speed exhaust fan with timer.  2. More time/Less time buttons.  3. Soften/Melt/Defrost settings work well.  4. Turntable on/off setting is useful for large or oblong cooking vessels.  5. Popcorn, hot dog settings are very accurate.  6. Hold Warm feature keeps cooked items at a safe temp for up to 90 minutes.  7. It doesn't need the clock set just to use the microwave, (like the Spacemaker did.)  8. It works reliably every time I use it!    Here's what I feel the LG lacks:  1. Doesn't remind you after cooking is finished (the Spacemaker beeped discreetly every 30 seconds for up to an hour).  2. Reheat settings are sometimes a bit too aggressive.  3. Can't adjust the volume of the beeps when setting or finishing cooking (default volume is a bit loud).  4. Aesthetically, the black window on the front is not as attractive as the Spacemaker's white window.  5. Although the EZ-ON button starts and adds 30 second increments, a Quick-Minute button would be useful.  6. The turntable is smaller than it could be (although this has not really presented any problems).  7. The Spacemaker had an automatic nightlight feature, the LG does not (this is a small inconvenience).    At this point in its lifetime, I would recommend this microwave.  If that changes, I'll update this review accordingly.
The GE Profile countertop microwave 2.2 cu.ft. is not only a sleek looking appliance on our counter but is easy to use and allows for large capacity food items.  Very satisfied with our purchase.
This microwave was very hard to install, and I am pretty handy. Within a month the numbers stopped lighting up and some of the touch buttons (such as defrost button) stopped working. Within another month the push button door latch stopped functioning and we had to take it off, now we have to use a screwdriver to pop the door open. The stainless steel started to turn brownish and doesn't come off. Recently the lights started turning on by themselves and today was the last straw when the fan came on by itself and wouldn't turn off. That is why I am on here looking for a new one. Save yourself a major headache and don't buy it!!
This microwave came with our new home. It can be vented outside or inside- ours is vented inside and there is always grime on cupboards above our range where the outlet is, and we really don't fry that much. So plan to vent this outside or do a lot of scrubbing. The fan is VERY LOUD, so if you like to have a conversation anywhere in the house while cooking, this may not be the product for you. Again, this might be better if vented outside. Microwave itself works good, defrost function is handy.
I knew this microwave had poor reviews even before I purchased it, but it was literally the only microwave I could find that would fit properly in an upper cabinet and not stick out.  So on that score, it does really well - this really is a great-looking microwave that fits in an upper cabinet and looks custom.  Unfortunately, one month after I purchased it, the trim on the right side of the microwave around the door button started falling off - and it was easy to see why as it was attached only with two-sided tape.  I called up Mabe Canada customer support and after describing the problem and faxing in my receipt, they shipped a replacement microwave straight to my door within 3 business days.  I wish there was an alternative to this microwave, but I'm stuck with it for now, and I have to admit the customer service was fantastic.  Hopefully my replacement will hold up.
I was laughing when I read the reviews, the same exact thing happen to us, we just bought a new condo and the microwave came with it. I started thinking that may be the house was haunted or something. The control panel stopped working and the microwave start by itself and stop by itself. Stay away from this microwave you'll waste your money.
My 1st unit fried and was unuasable. It was replaced after a few customer service calls and a service tech visit. The replacement unit makes a big noise and the vent fan is so loud that the entire sub division could hear our microwave. I have gone through several calls to their customer service and two service visits later the issue is still not fixed. DO NOT BUY THIS UNIT. It wasn't my choice..I got it from the new home I purchased and I am sure it's not going to last even 3 months.
Danby model DMW111KBLDB will heat for less than a minute then shows an error code and stops.  Bottom of right side gets very hot.  Brand new, returning it for sure.  Perhaps another brand will do better.     Danby promotes themselves as one of the largest household appliance marketing companies in North America.  Aren't they the manufacturer of this product?
What I like about the Whirlpool/Kitchen Aid microwaves is they offer models with Accuwave cooking.  When you cook at 50% power, it cooks at 50% power rather than cycling on and off at 100% power, for 50% of the time.  This makes a massive difference on how things cook.  We previously had a GH5184XPS with Accuwave that lasted 4 years before it stopped cooking.  It was starting to not look so nice from normal use, so I decided to go with a new one instead of repairing the old one.      After the new microwave was installed, I tried a cup of water in it.  When I started it, it sounded like an arc welder, and when I looked at the plastic panel on the right side where the magnetron is, it looked like an arc torch flame.  I quickly turned it off so it wouldn't burn the place down.  They took it back and gave me another.  The very night we got it, we were making popcorn in the special Microwave Popcorn bowl, which we had used for years with our other microwaves.  Within a minute, we got an F7 - Call For Service code.  They offered to exchange it for a new one, but didn't have another, but told me they could sell me the new 5184, and updated model of our old one.  I noticed that the new one had a broiler, slightly different menus, $50 cheaper, and we had good luck with our previous 5184.  However, after it was installed, the cook said, this doesn't cook right.  I checked it out.  The updated 5184 no longer has Accuwave.  That isn't how it was represented, so I gave them their $50 back and had them order another one of these from the factory.  That went along for 3 days before we noticed that part way through the cooking time, the magnetron noise would stop, the fan speed up, the light got brighter, and the food stopped cooking.  Since the chicken was still pink, I added 2 minutes at full power, and immediately received an F7 code.  The problem actually started when it stopped cooking during the previous operation.  You don't get the F7 until you try to start it again,and the magnetron doesn't start.  We couldn't trust it with chicken.  We avoided certain foods and alternated between manual and automatic cycles to get around the F7 codes.  As time progressed, we could do less and less.  Now, you can't even trust it to finish a bowl of oatmeal.      That was enough for me.  There is no possibility of buying a good one from the factory, so there is no point in getting another new one.  Thus, I decided I would use warranty service to see if they can put in good parts that WILL work.  The dealer-recommended warranty repair source wouldn't take the job when he learned which model it was.  Whirlpool got another company to come the following morning.  They put a large bowl of water in the microwave to test it, and could find nothing wrong.  They said their manual doesn't even list an F7 code.  There is nothing easier on a microwave than a large bowl of water.  I went on the internet and printed off one of a myriad of postings about F7 for this microwave model, with detail instructions on how to troubleshoot.  Then I put real food in the microwave and showed them how easy it is to get an F7.  Included in the troubleshooting instructions were comments from the techs that service these every day who state that they always go through the procedure to eliminate any other causes, but it always ends up being the expensive microprocessor board.  The on-site techs did not follow the checklist, and called the factory.  The factory told them they will send them a switch to try.  (I was hoping it would be the thermal switch, but the techs indicated it was not.)  The on-site techs reminded the factory that the problem starts mid-cycle.  The factory came back with, as it gets hotter, the switch contacts may be increasing resistance, causing the problem.  I could repeat the F7 at will.  They did not check the switch for high resistance nor follow the factory procedure to troubleshoot the F7 error.  Next Wednesday, the switch is scheduled to be delivered, and the techs will be returning to put it in.  The service company also had little confidence in the factory's recommendation, but they have to do what the factory says.  Perhaps the fist service company has gone through this before and may be why they wouldn't take the job for this model.      I've been through 3 of this model, and 4 installs, since April 5 2011, and I don't have a good microwave yet.  They've eaten up more of my time than the microwave is worth.  Now it's my turn.  I will make it my personal mission to require them to keep sending technicians to my house to fix this model until it works as advertised, on real food, or supply me with a model of equal to or greater value, that works as advertised, for free, and with a new warranty.
Update:<br />After 16 months we have the same problem as others. It runs for 3 or 4 seconds and just shuts off.<br /><br />Original Review:<br />I have only owned the microwave for a short time so I can not rate the reliability, not that my individual experience would necessarily be typical.  However, I can rate the features and design of the unit. I like the size, the power and the large turntable.  The controls, however, were poorly designed.  For example, to cook at anything other than full power, you need to press the power level repeatedly. The first press of the button gives you 100% power and each subsequent press reduces the power level by 10%. So, to cook something at 30% power it takes eight presses of the button.
[[VIDEOID:mo1LOHJ4VRRGAJT]]The good: My brand new, out of the box spacesaver is great looking, it is cabinet depth so it doesn't stick out, it fits perfectly under a cabinet (with the kit) and, when you can get the door open, it works really well.   I just completely redid my kitchen and it looks marvelous.      The bad:  the door doesn't open.   Seriously doesn't open. OK, I'm exaggerating.  If you really, really try, you can eventually get the door open.   From day one it didn't open.  See the video demo of my trying to open the door.      The better:  My wonderful local appliance dealer who sold it to me is not going to try to fix it.  They are sending me a new one and taking this one back. There are some benefits to paying a bit more and buying local.        I'll update this review when I get the new one.    I'm really hoping I get a good one like a subset of the microwaves all of you have.    However, you should not have to wish to be a subset when you are paying over $250 for a microwave.  They should all be good, quality microwaves.  There are so few under cabinet, cabinet depth, models available, we are sort of stuck with the GE Spacesaver.    ____________________    July 23, 2011    Update to my review on this microwave.   My appliance dealer send me a new one and it works just fine.   I've only had it about a month, so I don't know how it will last, but as of right now, it is functioning perfectly.
This machine's finish quality was off out of the box.  The door didn't quite line up with it's case when closed and there were a couple small dents on the lower left of the door as well.    These were tolerable, however, as long as the machine worked - and it did... sometimes.    For example, from the start this machine would occasionally shut off mid-cooking, as in the timer would go blank, the light would go out, and the food would still be pretty cold.      Other times the food would seem to be heating up pretty well but then the machine would shut off.  On those occasions we thought it might have quit because it was getting too much steam on its sensors (wherever they might have been) so we would wrap foods extremely tightly with plastic wrap - still to no avail.      On still other occasions the food **looked** like it was being cooked (light stayed on, the table rotated, the timer counted down, and tone sounded at the end) but then it would turn out to be only ever so slightly warmer than when originally put in.    After a year of our just making do with this machine's cranky behavior and then just planning our meals without microwave use it died altogether.    My wife and I can only say, Good riddance! in response.    Consumer Reports lists this microwave as a best buy and, honestly, that's why I bought it in the first place.  Unfortunately, this machine is far, far, far from being a good buy much less a Best Buy!!!  Based on my experience and those of the others who wrote in here I won't be touching a GE microwave for years, if then.
We purchased ours about 6 months ago and we find it to work as about as well as we assumed it would given it's low power and lower price. Expect longer heating times than a larger microwave oven. If you are an impatient person you may want to pass on this model.    The Hot Water presets work fine for reheating coffee.    Our one real complaint is that the turntable is all too easily dislodged from the spindle if a heavy item is not carefully placed near the center of the surface. We find this design defect really annoying and would not choose this model again for this reason alone.
I have been shipped TWO of these microwaves and they were both DOA. Different issues. Sharp might consider testing them before they leave the factory. I won't purchase another sharp microwave. The customer service was slow and did nothing to help me. I could haul it to a local service center and they said that the tech might be able to fix it while I waited but I've been to enough service centers to know that this is not likely. I'm not happy at all.
My daughter had a GE microwave/oven combo. The microwave had the infamous GE flaking paint interior problem. The cost of replacing the integrated units to correct the microwave was very steep. So I bought a can of this paint to see if it would work.<br /><br />To my amazement, it did! Now it wasn't easy, I had to degrease the inside of the oven (TSP), then sand it by hand and some machine for about an hour to get all the base paint solid. I used PaintStriper sanding blocks, 60 and 100 grit, the followed up with some 150 grit paper. Then I had to mask the oven opening with masking tape, paper, and a cheap plastic tarp to beware of overspray.<br /><br />Pro - Followed the directions on the can, and sprayed away! It worked and is still holding up 3 weeks later. So about $35 in material has, so far, stopped a very expensive (hundreds of dollars) oven replacement.<br /><br />Cons - The paint is acetone based so ventilation is a MUST .  Pick a day when doors and windows can be open and I would get the kids out of the house. The paint does dry very fast in about an hour.
Great product.  Fits perfectly in the space we have for it and works like a charm.  Sleek and effective!
The microwave looks good, but stopped heating after 2 months.  I am on hold now with Sharp customer service. The space saving design is nice, but don't like waiting for the drawer to open/close. The controls being 4' off the ground are tempting for my 3yr old.
this microwave is incredible!  very quiet and the convenience of a drawer is great!  easy to use and to clean!
My Sharp drawer microwave is so much more than I even hoped for.  It is convenient.  The button to open and button to close OR easy pull to open or easy nudge to close and it finishes opening or closing by itself!  Love that!  I had to REPROGRAM myself to go easy to get it opening or closing, then let it finish all by itself.  I was impatient because it takes 2 seconds rather than 1/2 second that I used on my previous microwave to jerk it open or slam it shut.  It's good for me to slow down for 2 seconds!  There are more single cook options than I have used yet. I really like the push START once to get one minute cook time, 2 pushes for 2 minutes, etc.  Can do the same to add a minute while cooking.  SENSOR REHEAT and SENSOR COOK buttons are useful, but as in prior microwaves, I have to still keep a check on how it's cooking.  It seems to cook evenly, but I probably will get a windup turntable if I can still find one.    It holds a 9x13 pan with room to spare.  The 1000W power cooks fast.  Love it!  Love it!  Love it!
I wanted a microwave that took up as little counter space as possible, had sensor cooking and was easy to use.  This one fit all that criteria and had a bonus:  a Beverage key which I use a lot to heat water to the perfect temp for tea.  This microwave is perfect for my needs and I'm very happy with it.  The only downside is that the quality is only average.
The box was somehow very light, and right then, I knew we had made a mistake.      This microwave is almost like a toy.  It is very tiny and underpowered.  We unpacked it and put in a pack of popcorn. Well, it spun around on top strength for over two minutes without a single pop.  After 3-4 minutes about half of the popcorn was popped.  Forget it. It must have been broken, or maybe just for making things warm, not hot.    We returned it right away. Speedy return system!
The incessant beeping is enough to make you want to put your own head inside the microwave. Next to that, when you select a defrost time, it literally stops every 30 seconds to tell you to turn it over. and wont start ubnless you open and close the door then push start again I HATE THIS THING. Good thing it LOOKS NICE because the features, the beeping, and the UI is absolutely UNNERVING. I am writing this as some steaks are defrosting in it and the constant stops and beeping has just finally gotten me to the point where I had to come here and whine about it.
I purchased this produce when it first came it and loved the look of the unit.  Within a year the interior paint has peeled off on the inside of the door and the inside of teflon coating of the unit.  The stainless still overs have been glued back on 3 times now and just recently the door handle broke.  I never leave review because honestly I am too lazy but I just had to warn buyers of this product.  I have contacted Whirlpool twice and they told me that the paint was cosmetic and is only covered under the 30 day warranty.  Really??? paint is supposed to chip within 30 days?  Then the other parts are also cosmetic but they can get an technician to come out at my cost of course.  Lastly, despite all the bad reviews, the have determined this product has no quality issues. I will NEVER buy a whirlpool product again.
This unit is a replacement for an identical item that arrived with concealed damage.  I notifed Amazon around 3pm the day it arrived and received word that a replacement unit had been ordered and it would take several days to process the order.  Two hours later, I received notification that the replacement unit had been shipped!  It arrived at 9:15 the next morning!  Outstanding customer service effort by Amazon.    This microwave replaced a 2002 Sharp model identical in size, power and other features.  The first thing I noticed is that it takes 30% to 40% longer to heat compared to the older model, even after 8 years of use.  This is across the board, not just on certain items.  Also, the keypad has been reconfigured with the start and stop buttons situated in between rows of other buttons instead of separated from other buttons as on the older model.  The buttons are also smaller and it is easy to push the wrong button if you get in a hurry.  I will say it is a more attractive unit and a lot quieter than the older model.
I have made the mistake of buying two GE space saver microwaves for my two homes. Both have badly peeling paint not only inside the door but on the back wall of the microwave as well. Got same answer form GE.buy the paint and paint it myself.  Did buy the paint but by then the rust was too extensive to nake it work. I am also looking for a nice microwave about the same size and features!
I bought this because I don't have a double oven in my kitchen and this can serve that purpose.  If you have a double oven, then I think you are better off with a standard high quality microwave.    This is a high speed microwave convection oven; but due to the size of the cavity the conv oven takes longer to heat up.  About 10 minutes to reach 350. Once preheated convection works good.      Does a nice job with frozen pizza, rib roast, chicken, etc. This makes really good toast in 6 minutes, 3 minutes per side, you have to flip the bread. But I don't think it saves any time.  Also, when you use the convection oven, remember it has to cool down to use it again as a microwave. That can take another 10-15 minutes.    Bought mine about 4 yrs ago with a 5yr extended warranty. Within the last month, a piece of plastic trim fell off, door handle cracked, and the touch screen started randomly simulating keypresses.    Repair service came out 3x to get the right parts ordered and repaired, maybe it's fixed.  Will find out.    Cooks well.  The best feature is that this is a variable microwave; unlike most units that simply turn the magnetron on and off to vary the Power %, this one actually reduces the power itself... very cool.  This also combines microwave with convection bake and grill capabilities, and you can control the bake temp as well as the % of microwave to use. For grilling you control the microwave % but not the grill temp, as the grill halogen just stays on the whole time.  That isactually a very nice feature.  On my regular oven, the broiler turns off at 500.    So from that standpoint the unit is pretty smart.    Get this on a firesale if you can... get a long term 5yr + extended warranty, you will use it.    As other's point out, it doesn't have program cooking, can't do a delayed start, can't do multiple programs in sequence, doesn't have a meat thermometer, but it does have a lot of pre-sets.  So, it's an OK unit; I haven't really found anything that competes with it.  Would be interested in hearing feedback on better choices.
As a vertically-challenged individual, I was looking forward to getting a countertop microwave when we remodelled our kitchen.  However, I was not looking forward to giving up the multiple functions offered by my larger, over-the-stove microwave.  Additionally, I did not want to give up my useable counter space which I would have to do with the standard 18 inch or more deep countertop microwaves.  I also wanted enough space left on the counter so that, if necessary, when removing something from the microwave, I could sit the container on the counter immediately in front of the microwave.  I had a small 24 inch wide by 14 inch deep nook available between my refrigerator and the corner appliance garage, but was certain I would not find a suitable microwave to fit.  Since we were not replacing cabinets, I had to work with the available spaces.<br /><br />To my surprise, the GE Profile Spacemaker II was the exact size of the nook!  Although there were many negative reviews of the product, I decided to take a chance on this microwave and purchased one at Best Buy.  Through an abundance of caution, I also purchased an additional 4 year warranty so that if I experience any of the problems others have encountered, I will be able to have the Spacemaker II repaired or replaced.  As the extended warranty was only a little more than a service call would cost, I felt it was worth the expenditure.<br /><br />So far, I am very pleased with the GE Profile Spacemaker II microwave.  My spouse and I do not cook meals in our microwave, but do reheat beverages; cook frozen vegetables and veggie burgers; and, occasionally, defrost meat.  The Spacemaker performs these functions admirably!  Although it takes about 30% more time to heat/cook things than my 1100 watt microwave, this has not been a problem.  Further, I like this model better for defrosting as it does not start cooking the meat like the more powerful models do.  The control panel buttons are very responsive.  I have cracked other microwave's button surfaces because of the difficulty in getting them to respond to my touch.  I do not foresee this occuring with the Spacemaker II.<br /><br />In the past, I have allowed bread to raise inside my microwave.  I found this allowed me to leave the bowl or pan uncovered as there is no air flow inside the microwave, and the temperature remains consistent.  The Spacemaker's interior is large enough for me to continue using the microwave in which to raise bread.<br /><br />Because I keep this microwave on my counter, I keep a plastic glass of water in it to prevent accidentally starting it empty and possibly ruining the magnatron.<br /><br />Further, I would caution those who are looking for a compact microwave for an elderly individual who may be confused by having to choose among multiple function buttons.  The GE Profile Spacemaker II has a control panel that can be confusing as it has 29 separate buttons from which to choose.  Thus, it might not be the best choice for individuals.<br /><br />For me, the GE Profile Spacemaker II is the ideal microwave and I am giving it a five-star rating.  If things change, I will update my review accordingly.s button surfaces because of the difficulty in getting them to respond to my touch.  I do not foresee this occuring with the Spacemaker II.    In the past, I have allowed bread to raise inside my microwave.  I found this allowed me to leave the bowl or pan uncovered as there is no air flow inside the microwave, and the temperature remains consistent.  The Spacemaker's interior is large enough for me to continue using the microwave in which to raise bread.    Because I keep this microwave on my counter, I keep a plastic glass of water in it to prevent accidentally starting it empty and possibly ruining the magnatron.    Further, I would caution those who are looking for a compact microwave for an elderly individual who may be confused by having to choose among multiple function buttons.  The GE Profile Spacemaker II has a control panel that can be confusing as it has 29 separate buttons from which to choose.  Thus, it might not be the best choice for individuals.    For me, the GE Profile Spacemaker II is the ideal microwave and I am giving it a five-star rating.  If things change, I will update my review accordingly.
fridgidaire over the range (fmv 156 dca) looks nice but nothing but trouble.  First the handle broke. I fixed it. Then the diode/rectifire failed--i replaced that and the magnitron, worked for a year than died in the middle of cooking a baked potatoe. Replaced diode--still not working. I am giving up and never buying fridigaire again.  BTW i replaced it with a maytag--what do you know, as soon as i tried to cook some popcorn it shut off. It only will stay on for 10 seconds or so before shutting off. I am taking it back and am wondering how much bad luck can one have--or is this all a conspiracy to keep microwave service people busy.
Looks good, and had all the features we wanted.  Too bad it melted it's wiring last night.  Costs more to repair than to simply replace with newer less expensive model.
We purchased a new house which led us to purchase a new microwave and refrigerator.  We chose GE for both.  After six months the ice maker stopped working.  After 6 years, a refrigerator which still looks brand new, was freezing all of the food in the refrigerator section.  Next came the refrigerator section not cooling at all.  We had to go purchase yet another refrigerator as we couldn't deal with our food going back all the time based on the reliability of this refrigerator.  Moved this GE refrigerator down the basement to use for excess drinks, etc. during the holidays.  Repair man just left after telling me it was too expensive to fix and he would not guarantee that something else didn't go wrong.  Oh yeah, forgot to mention, my GE microwave broke last week also.  After reading the reviews/complaints on GE appliances, I will never ever put a GE appliance in my house.  Spread the word.....
I bought this appliance over a year ago and since then have been having a lot of problems with the door. The plastic handle cracked a few months after use, and this was repaired by their service. A few months later, the same problem occurred again, but this time created a tiny crack on the door itself. Again it was serviced for the handle alone. Just after the 1-year warrantee expired, the handle cracked the 3rd time, this time creating a much bigger fissure on the door so that it now cannot be opened. While the machine still functions, the design of the door is so poor that I would not at all buy another microwave from LG again. In all the houses I have owned, this is the first time I have any problems with any microwave.I would not at all recommend it.
This microwave was great while it worked, but it didn't work near long enough.  I expect more from a product at this price point, especially one that Consumer Reports rated very highly. Unfortunately I've owned this microwave for approximately 18 months, only to a have the Magnatron--apparently the part that makes it heat--go out.  I've contacted Whirpool on 3 occasions and have not been very happy with my results.  First they agreed to pay for the labor and NOT the part, then they agreed to pay for the part and NOT the labor.  The part is back-ordered so I'm stuck with no microwave and paying for something that--judging by the number of other complaints on here--is obviously a manufacturing a error. I would advise staying far away from this product and this company.
Door broke near the handle in less than one year.  Had the door replaced under warranty.  Now the new door is breaking in the exact same fashion in less than a year (but now it's out of warranty!).  New door costs over $100.  Serious design or manufacturing flaw.  I can't recommend this microwave.  Very disappointed.
After our old Microwave died we started searching the market online and in stores.  I purchased Consumer Reports for microwaves and then searched for them on Amazon to read the customer reviews.  The top ten rated had horrible customer reviews.  So then decided to search from the bottom of the list up, and this is when I found our next microwave.  Loud was the only beef with this microwave.  Now in our house loud with all our kids is nothing compared to a microwave.  Basically if your trying to sleep near by this microwave then maybe it would seem loud.  But the 1200 watts cooks everything super fast, even heat with the turning tray is awesome!  This is used several times a day and after a month no complaints!
I had this microwave GH7208XRS slightly over one year ago. Today the digital display went out. It is going to cost alot of repair it. I definitely would not recommend anyone buy this unit unless you get the extended warranty.
My husband & I were looking for a microwave for my daughter & her husband for a Christmas gift.  This is the same brand that we have & are very happy w/ it.  This is exactly what we were looking for & so happy to find it @ such a reasonable price.  Their home is nearing completion & they are so excited to install this microwave & start using it.  Our daughter said that she just loves the modern look & knows that it'll look wonderful w/ all their other stainless steal appliances.
We replaced our 15 year old GE Profile Spacemaker with a new updated GEProfile Spacemaker Microwave Oven.  It is basically the same one with big subtle improvements.  I am probably the only one who used the old microwave with all of  its bells and whistles.  I am amazed at how updated these items are today.   Forinstance to cook fresh vegetables just load them in and push the veggie button.  Somehow it senses when they are cooked to perfection and not rubber.  I cooked a  perfect scrambeled egg in one minute, stirring once.      We oredered the undermount hardware just because.  Guess what?  Since we replaced  the identical microwave the old mount fit perfectly. Oh well.    I really would have loved it in stainless steel but didn't see it offered.    I do hope this gives us another 15 years but at that price I am not too worried  about the track record. The first GE over the stove microwave I bought 30 years  ago was $600!
Looks great, functions awesome while it is working. But with the digital display, it breaks very soon, and when it breaks, it feels like you can't get it fixed. Whirlpool would not respond well. They just direct us to local repair shops, and the response from them is horrible. Any replacement parts are always on back order and it is just a night mare to try to work with them sanely. I have been fighting with them for more 6 months now, and I just am so frustrated that I spend so much money on a product that would only work for few months, and I kept this useless microwave sitting nicely in the middle of my kitchen, just idle.     Horrific design and horrible customer service from Whirlpool.
We've owner this product for several years now.  It looks nice and works great.  Amazon handles the shipping of this heavy product with ease so you don't need  to be concerned about it getting to you in top condition.
As good or better than i hoped! Lots of options, fan is great. It is noisier than my old one (as per other reviews) but really...it doesn't matter that much.
We also experienced problems with the paint peeling in this microwave.  It is no longer under warrenty and I was told by GE that this was an isolated incident.  Obviously, that is not the case.  I would not recommend this product especially since GE is unwilling to stand behind their product.
We have had this microwave for about a month and absolutely love it!  Well worth the price.  It is super convenient, you can see and stir the food without removing it from the oven.  Cooks evenly and quickly.  Easy to use and clean. Very attractive, a conversation piece as well.
Purchased this above the range microwave while searching for a different size by accident. Kept it for my work home, work in a different state than we live. Installed it and it does not work. Been working with the factory to get it working instead of returning it. Still trying after 3 weeks. First they sent me to the wrong repair shop, then the replacement part was bad and now waiting on the 2nd part. I don't know if I would be as understanding if this was at family home.
Having had an Amana Radar range for the usual 25 years, I was forced to replace it when it finally failed.  (I had even dropped it on its end, my mother ran it empty, etc., and it just kept going.)  I replaced it with this unit which I used for coffee, leftovers, and maybe popcorn heat ups; nothing like the actual cooking I did with the old unit with its regular and candy temperature probes, etc.  Between 2-3 years old it just crackled and popped and limped along for a day or two with a hard reset.  Dead.  The popcorn setting never worked (other microwaves I have used elsewhere did a great job) nor was the sensing mechanism impressive.  I also didn't like you couldn't use the timer independently when it was running.  Sure, it may be the magnetron but you have to pay to diagnose then replace.  Although it is still top rated on Consumer Reports, read the users' reviews to get the true story.
After owning a previous Sharp microwave/convection oven I bought this one.  Installed 5 years ago and still just as pleased as the day it was installed.  Excellent even microwave and oven performance.  Highly recommend this product.
I bought this Microwave in April of 2008.  After a few months it had intermittent bleeps and flashes on the screen and once even turned on by itself (it quickly turned itself off but scary nonetheless).  Then in In April of 2009 the screen went completely dead, and Whirlpool was nice enough to repair it at no cost even though the 1 year warranty was expired by about a week.  The problem was a bad circuit board.  Now the door hinge is broken, and the turntable has stopped spinning.  For the price of this oven I expect it to not fall apart in 2 years.  It cooks very well, both microwave and convection, when it works.  But with three major repairs in two years,  I can't recommend it at all.  If you do buy one, get the extended warranty.
The installation dimensions in the install guide are exactly right.  I worried about trusting them, but they worked very well.    Looks real nice, works well, and was very easy to install.    One issue, When the drawer closed, it made a squeeking sound.  I figured it was going back into the box and getting shipped back.  We called Sharp and they sent out a technician who diagnosed the problem and ordered a replacement part.  We'll have to update if things go south with that, but so far, I appreciated the customer service.    Four stars because of the squeaking drawer, but not one star because the customer service was so good.
I have an LG 1680BB over the stove microwave which is less than one year old.  The construction seems flimsy to me and the controls do not seem very well thought out.  It appears to me that the controls are made for a new family with really small children.  The presets are for things like oatmeal, babyfood, hot dogs, that sort of thing.    The main problem I have with the oven is that the handle just came off.  I looked closely at it and the plastic around the two screws which hold the handle on is melted and cracked.  It looks like the microwave heated that area enough that the plastic melted and then the rest of the handle cracked until it simply fell off.    I will never buy another LG microwave; not unless they are significantly improved.
Microwave is very spacious; works well and is very powerful...  We love this unit.. Arrived with faulty circuit card; would not heat up.  Sharp Warranty personnel were here within 2 days and fixed it.
I've had this mic for just over a year, and as with others, it just started turning on by itself this week. Fire hazard! Thank God I was home the first time it did it. It's 2.30am and it just woke me up by coming on again. Spooky to say the least, dangerous to say the most. I can't keep it plugged in anymore, and I assume, based on others' experience that I'm reading online, that it is no longer safe and I will have to get rid of it. What a rip off.
I bought the 1.6 cu ft white one of these. My older and twice as expensive Whirlpool died and I didn't want to spend another 500 bucks on something that I now realize is a disposable item. When these break, almost any repair will cost as much as a new unit so I decided to stop buying top tier on these ovens. This unit was easy to install. It's lighter than my Whirlpool was, so I was able to hoist it onto the mounting plate myself and start the top screws without a problem. I think perhaps those who are complaining about the weight bought the larger model? Who knows. Sometimes it's hard to tell what some folks bought in these Amazon reviews.<br /><br />As others report, the fan is REALLY loud. Wow. And low fan is just as loud. The fan is definitely the down side. I found that the light is bright enough. Cooking is fast. The control panel is very Spartan. Oh, it has all the buttons, but where my old microwave said Pizza and Casserole etc. in the display, this one just has a numeral and you'll have to refer to the book a bit until you get the hang of it. Most of my cooking is just hitting the quick button anyway, so let's be real. I'm glad it doesn't have a lot of features I'll seldom use and that I would have had to pay for. The door looks solid enough to me. I see no problem with keeping it clean that others have reported, but perhaps that's because mine is white? So it's a good basic microwave, as cheap as they come and it works just fine. I consider it a 5-star cheap microwave.<br /><br />Edit added:<br />Well, it has stopped working properly after 6 months. Most annoying is that the interior light will not turn off even though the door switches are working properly. While I liked the Spartan controls, my wife learned to detest that feature. I've decided not to have it repaired under warranty, but to be rid of it and buy a unit with better build quality. I'm dropping it down to 3 stars. It will probably be discontinued soon anyway but hate to leave my former rave review in place without changing it.without changing it.
Right size, cooks everything, Fast and convenient.  Just right for my needs. Can't go wrong with the deal or the unit.
I purchased a GE Profile Spacemaker 2.0 oven model #JVM2070 BHO2 in 2007. About a year later the handle came off in my hand. I did my own repair but in so doing found the quality of construction to be quite poor. Self threaded screws in inferior quality plastic was the problem. Now, the keypad will not accept any inputs. GE only sells a control assembly at nearly $400 (the oven originally cost about $500). GE says their ovens are not consumer repairable and refer customers to a repair facility. My options are to pay a GE technician $75.00 to tell me the control assembly must be replaced at a cost of $400 or buy another brand of oven with a longer service life. Which option do you think I will choose?
Too many problems for a high end microwave. After 1 year of use, the handle broke. The convection piece of it will not work. Stay away from this product.
I bought this microwave a few years back. Broke a year ago, waited a year to get it fix. This morning technician replaced inverter, worked......than he noticed it was on and off heating. Didn't warm up a cup of water. Told me the magnetron would need to be replaced. All about $500. STAY AWAY! Can't believe I spent $1,000 on this and 3 years later it's near the curb.......damn.....what an idiot I am....thanks Whirlpool...
Excellent price and product (2 day shipping with Amazon Prime - another really good investment!). This has turned out to be a very good buy as a replacement for a Sears Kenmore over the range microwave - which was useless from day one. It fits well, very secure mounts and easy to use template. Oven itself is easy to use, quiet, powerful, excellent venting (in our case out the top - to the roof). Everything has been easy to clean so far (including the buttons and window). I put it in myself - but two person job would have been a better choice. Really like the sensor cooking (so I don't have to figure out how long it will take to burn the rice this time...). Definitely recommend this oven.
