x
3 of the buttons stopped working after a month of using it. It was used twice a day. Do not recommend it. go use your money for something more durable. Oh and also big plates do not fit in it.
Didn't use it long so I can't attest to that but for the price it is extremely good looking and feels like a quality build. Just know it's small - you will not be nuking turkeys in this - and it's not super high wattage so it may take a bit longer. So if you must have your canned soup in 2-1/2 minutes and not 3 then this won't work.
Very nice microwave, great price
Quiet, but does not seem like 1000 watt power.
It's bigger than I thought.
Really love this microwave. Has the one touch settings that I wanted along with the +30 seconds button.  Its a great size for a countertop.  It can be a little noisy when it beeps as others have said.
We bought this microwave 2 years ago as part of a home remodel. It was great while it worked but recently stopped working. Sharp warranty is only 1 year. For the amount of money we spent on this I would expect it to last more than 2 years.
Was pleased with the packaging and easy instructions to set it up. Worth $55 and that it was 'Prime&#34; order.
Neat little unit. I have no complaints.
The finish is nice and matches our stainless steel/black wall oven nicely. However, the button to open the door no longer opens on the first try or needs some help. And occasionally something internal to the microwave makes a noise when the tray is rotating.
Excellent small microwave!  I recently moved to an apartment which did not have a built-in microwave, but also a kitchen that wasn't that big.  This microwave was perfect for it.  Its footprint is small, however it packs a punch.  All my plates fit it and cooks everything evenly.  The only downside is that when opening or closing the door, the whole microwave sometimes may move as it's not the heaviest out there, but I'm not going to fault it for that, I just simply put my other hand on top of it while opening/closing.
Works Really Well
Love this microwave!  Gives me more space in my kitchen. ..only con is the price.
I never used this for my wife insisted we buy a new microwave after I bought this. I did contact GE and they gave me a 20$ credit  and said not to worry about  paint peeling off. Tell that to your wife! That was OK because I read some reviews which made it sound alittle difficult to use.
Had this for about a week and so far it's been great; the microwaving powder is quite strong; but the grill plate is too high for some bulkier food, that would be my only complain.
the microwave turntable and light would come by itself and sometimes when you closed the door.  At first we were able to cook with the microwave but eventually it got to where I couldn't get it to cook no matter what we tried such as unplugging it and it would sit there rotating but not heating.  So sadly we had to send it back.  I only got to use the grill feature once and it was fun.
This is a funny story....years ago my husband found one of these cube microwaves at a garage sale for $25.00!  It was perfect for our daughter as she has an extremely SMALL kitchen with very little counter space etc.  Recently I moved to a older home, new home to me with lots of charm and very little counter space. No room for an over the range microwave. My new little Whirlpool Cube fits perfectly into the corner space of my new little kitchen!  Love it, Love it, Love it....however $25.00 would have been an easier price on the pocket book! LOL
Good price, has continued to work very well since December 2014 (8 months). My only recent complaint is that the glass carousel no longer seems to fit tightly over the plastic gear in the center. It therefore makes a rattling sound as the gear turns. I don't see what could cause the loose fit. Nevertheless, the carousel does turn, just not very quietly.<br /><br />Otherwise, great buy. It is still easy to clean. I love using the 1, 2 and 3 settings for one-touch cooking times of 1, 2 or 3 minutes. I really like being able to turn the microwave on for 30 seconds by simply touching &#34;Start&#34; one time. Some people have complained that the door is hard to open so that when the large &#34;open&#34; button is pushed, the entire microwave moves, but I have not had that experience. I seldom use the programmed settings for vegetables, popcorn, potato, etc. I had a bad experience burning a minibag of popcorn - the microwave didn't sense a need to stop cooking. However, it's fine for baking a potato.<br /><br />I do not understand the benefit of the rather extreme concave back to the interior, which contributes to the 1.4 cu ft interior volume. But the size is right for me regardless. Certainly this was the best buy on Amazon for my purposes.
Although it slides when you open the door, this is a great product. The size is perfect and it works great.<br /><br />Because of how my kitchen is designed, I cant push my microwave against the wall.  If you can, then your microwave will not slide.
Solid microwave for a good price.
Prompt delivery, my microwave is back up and running.
very attractive and useful mircorwave
Although only .5 it holds a nice size dish.  I love that the controls are at the bottom. Counter space is limited so this is peer.  Would be great in a dorm room too
Unit is lighter than expected. Cooks as expected. Door latch is hard to push, but not hard enough to move unit while opening. Light comes on as unit runs, not as door opens. Buttons are convenient for cooking, but read directions, some difference to set power levels, than other microwaves I have owned. Went with this unit, due to reviews, size and price.
Worked well on an old Sharp Carousel II Microwave. 1 can was enough for 2 coats. First make sure you sand down and prime any rust spots so they won't show through.
Great purchase.  The microwave does the job and was a great price.
excellent results
Works great, product was as describer and delivered promptly and on time.
Perfect for semi truck at 750 watts can run on1000 watt inverter
I just received mine and, when it's running, you can see the interior light shinning through a gap on the top corner. Not sure if this is normal or safe, so I've submitted a question about it. For now, I'll give it a 3 star review for looks and the slightly annoying BANG! the door makes when it closes, pending any heating and an answer to my question. I'll update then. I'm attaching pictures of the gap.<br /><br />UPDATE (9/26/2015): Well, the gap doesn't seem to be a normal feature, but it doesn't seem to affect the operation of the microwave oven in any way. I mostly use it for heating up leftovers and it works great for that purpose, have not tried it for any serious cooking. The loud door is far more tolerable now after a few uses, barely noticeable. Updating my review to 4 stars, won't do five only because of that gap.
Works well with proper preparation.
I am giving three (3) stars because I have to.  In order to get this message on-to the page I must (RATE) the product?  Well,  this is a first and more-than-likely, my last attempt to rate a product before receiving it?I have the (OLDER) SHARP MODEL # R-410LW.  It is no longer (if ever) listed on SHARPS pages for repair OEM?  Well, I am guessing (and ordering) this:  &#34;RMOTDA252WRZZ&#34;... ...HOWEVER, MY (burned up) SHARP motor is: # &#34;RMOTDA264WRZZ&#34;  but I'm thinking that the RPM (3) three... is the same... 60Hz... is the same...120 V...is the same...2W...is the same...so, I'll (maybe) be losing money on this part but the same one is: $36.00?  Wish me?  Stupid...I know!
We ordered it for a boat that we are rebuilding not real sure how its going to work yet. But it fits where we wanted it just perfect and we like the looks. That is about all I can tell you at the present time.  Terry
Good
Needed one in a hurry and my teen bought this. It's pretty powerful. It looks as if there are many brands that are actually this same machine.
What a great unit!  Took some fiddling to install but the unit itself is really very nice.
I had found a small blue cube micro wave some years ago.  After 16 years of service it finally wore out.  I love the cube shape and took a risk on ordering this little gem.  I couldn't be happier.  It is the great same size, the outside is fabulous and it has more power than the last microwave. Would not hesitate to purchase this again! Totally worth the price.
Works well enough for my purposes. Just the right size. I dig the 1 touch feature for 30 seconds (start) and minutes (number buttons). It's also good that it has the removable glass rotator thingy. What brings the star count down are the button sizes themselves – super tiny, and the handle. While this microwave is nice and light and the door seals well, that doesn't make for a good combination for opening the door. So I have to hold one side to apply opposite pressure to open the door. I think this could be solved with some super rubber feet, but I shouldn't have to add them myself.
Came in brand new package but item doesn't work at all.
You can't use the &#34;cook&#34; feature with a timer going on the machine, but it heats quickly and is very easy to clean.
Got it sooner thank you
It came slightly damaged but main problem is that it does not heat at all in any functions.  I have tried to heat a cup of water with Microwave Express, it looks like it is cooking but the water is at room temperature after 30 seconds.  Then I have tried all the functions and none of them work.  The surface light and the vent fan works fine.  I really should try it before I install it.  Now I have all the trouble to remove it and install another one.<br /><br />I order it from Amazon and contacted both the seller Home Care Company.  Since it is Saturday so I will have to wait up to two working days to to get a respond from Home Care Company.  I am not sure what will happen but I am not recommend to buy this product or buy it online.
Lighter than the GE one it replaced.  Easy, simple to use TouchPad.  Installation was easy and I am not the best when it comes to installation of appliances.  I usually pay someone but the previous reviews indicated it was simple and they were right.  You just need 2 people when you are ready to lift it up and hang it in place.
One of my worst Amazon purchases. I hate this microwave and deeply regret purchasing it.  It is GIANT and heavy, sits crooked on a flat surface, and heats food unevenly!  You can get WAY better for LESS MONEY!!!!!  Shocked, because usually Amazon reviews are so spot on.
After having read reviews for more expensive upmarket brand microwaves like LG and Panasonic, we went to our local (Canadian) Wal Mart to see what they had.<br /><br />The first thing I noticed about this one is that it is completely stainless steel: front AND back; outside and inside; all around. It looks like a professional food service microwave. To me, the stainless steel interior is easier to clean than a white painted one.<br /><br />We have heard that microwave ovens don't last like they used to (we have one low quality unbranded OTR one in a mobile home at the moment which was new in 1995 & still working as well as it ever did, and another LG 900 watt in an RV from 2004, also a good runner at this writing, July 2013).<br /><br />We didn't want to spend a lot of money if the microwave was only going to last a couple of years. Well, with this Danby, we have a two year replacement warranty. If it dies before its time, we either get a new one or a refund of the money we spent on this one. Fair enough, I thou... Read more
I couldn't enjoy our travels in our RV if I didn't have my Sharp convection/microwave oven. I just love it !
Excellent product -- does the job.  I have one in my home, and when an older over-the-stove unit failed in a rental, I immediately ordered another.  A few things are tricky in the install, but were easily and quickly resolved.  Tenants happy, I'm happy.  In this case, the older unit had limited functionality, the Whirlpool has several features new to them that are real benefits.
love it!
We really like the look of this microwave. We used the same model in our last home and liked it and just had a new home built and chose to have the same model installed in our new kitchen. We have never had any issues with it. It is classy looking, large enough for a casserole dish, and heats well.
microwave worked fine when I bought back in March '15; then a few days ago it would not turn on. Will not buy Danby microwaves again.
When you close the door, it is VERY loud, to the point where it's annoying. If I had known this before I purchased it, I would have bought a more expensive one to not deal with the noise every time it closes. The plastic covering the buttons is already ripping, had it for less than a year. Other than that, it works fine.
Purchased this for college student and it has not been used yet. Still in the original box. Looks nice, however.
Awesome!
Microwave and reheat function works well, but it is a little slow and worse of all it has no way to quickly add 30 seconds or a minute. You must always either select a mode or manually enter the cook time before starting.
Very good item
I was reluctant to get a microwave because of limited counter space that I have in my tiny apartment, so I talked myself out of not needing a microwave. But then I realize how convenient it is to have one and found this one that's just the right size, that's when I knew I had to get it. But don't let its size fool you...it can fit a full sized dinner plate. Five star for sleek design and function. Love it!
The microwave does what it's supposed to do and is easy to use. I like the express settings so when you press any single digit it automatically puts in that amount of minutes. It is great for urban kitchen needs. For smaller kitchens, doesn't take up too much space or for bringing up flights of stairs it is nice and light. Really compact, heats up food well. Great for the price.
Our microwave was working fine, but had a number of rusty spots.  I cleaned the inside really well and sanded the spots to bare metal.  There was enough paint in the can to cover the spots as well as put a light layer on the remainder of the interior.  i.e. to give a uniform color appearance.  The only issue is that it took a week for it to air out.  You could still smell it a couple of weeks later.  But eventually it went away.  Overall, I'm happy.  The 10-yr microwave continues to work well and now it looks nice again too.
What a beautiful micro.  I love it.  Works great.
For the low price, it works very well. Compact and nice looking.
Excellent! I love the shape and size, perfect for a small kitchen
Had not heard of this brand. Was a little unsure about purchasing.  Really nice looking and very quiet!  Great value!
After only two years of owning this microwave it started arcing when started. I looked into replacing the HV Diode and the HV Capacitor but those parts were damaged because the magnetron went bad. It was cheaper to replace the whole microwave than order parts and fix myself. Truly disappointed in Whirlpool and their products. The matching Whirlpool gold french door fridge we bought at the same time just had almost $1,000 worth of repairs. After only two years!!! These are cheaply made disposable pieces of garbage.
very good
This is the best, most efficient little microwave we have ever had.
Easily installed it is both attractive and operates easily
This is the perfect size for the space we have and I think it's the only one that will fit! And good quality.
I wonder if they will ever produce a microwave that only beeps once!
I m happy with it
Looks great. Works great. I've been using it since May, probably daily, and haven't had any issues at all. It's stainless on the inside as well, so it wipes clean easily. Food and beverages seem to heat evenly. Great deal!
Love the versatality of this oven!
It's large but heats food up quickly and is easy to use. Only 4 star because of it's size. Make sure you have room. Mine is above my fridge which makes the push button to open the door ideal rather than pulling the door handle.
We've been very happy with this.  Not sure I liked the dial at first, but being able to dial in extra time is quick and efficient.
I received the microwave and it didn't even work. I didn't have the original packaging so they wouldn't refund me. Brilliant. lol
Low power but gets the job done, and good value for the money. As a den microwave or as a small office microwave, this is perfect and an excellent value. Takes a bit longer than larger units due to lower power, but works well.
Prompt delivery and great looking microwave. I cannot wait to try out grill function. I already went through instruction book to familiarize myself with the functionality.
Great Product
looks nice and so far works great, very good deal for the price
I purchased this microwave in January of 2015. In July of 2015 the microwave completely stop working. The whole microwave stop working the clock, everything. I want to get my money back. Most microwaves last for years. I have had a microwave that lasted for 25 years. To have a microwave last for only 6 months is disappointing.
I only use a microwave to reheat coffee so when I bought my new house and it didn't have a microwave in the kitchen I was kind of like, meh, no biggie. However, after several weekends of cold coffee I caved and went looking for a small microwave that would look cute on the kitchen counter without taking up too much space. I AM SO FREAKING HAPPY WITH THIS. It's literally the most adorable microwave that you could ever want. If you do &#34;cooking&#34; with a microwave, then this isn't your best option. But if you're looking for something to heat up a beverage or reheat something small then this guy is great for you. Have I mentioned how cute it is?!
We replaced our over-the-range microwave with a range hood. We needed a small microwave to install in our pantry and this fit the bill. It holds a 12&#34; plate and has multiple power levels for cooking, but we use it mostly for rewarming. It does take about twice as long as our old microwave but that's okay. One feature I really like is the one-touch button for speed cooking. Start will zap something for 30 seconds on high. 1 = 1 minute, 2 = 2 minutes, etc. That is quick and handy!
I bought this microwave for my parents for Christmas. After six months it died.  My father has been attempting to get his refund processed for the past month and they keep giving him the run around. Don't buy this product!!!
Not a power-horse but great on space for my tiny kitchen.
It works just fine.
I needed a vertical microwave to fit a special spot in my galley.  This unit has proven to have both the power and interior space to meet all my needs.
Excellent quality. Fixed our $500 microwave. Learned that mfg offer 10 year warranty.
Terrible microwave. doesn't heat the food yet the outside of the microwave gets hot. never had a microwave that gets hot on the outside. working with the supplier to replace it.
The microwave is fine but the shipping was terrible.
I was a bit concerned after reading some of the ratings, but I took the plunge -- and I'm glad I did.  It does everything as good or better than advertised.  As with most products, the manual could stand some extra effort (simplification), so those who don't read it do so at their own peril.  Both my wife and I are pleased with this product and hope it lasts as long as my original Samsung (11 years).
First...it's pretty big (something to considering if you live in an NYC apartment). Second...the door makes a pretty loud noise when you close the door. Third...there's a noise coming from the unit which sounds like the glass plate is shaking every time I use it. Overall, it heats up my food. That's all I really need.
Getting good use in a small office, and working well.  Seems to be well built, and holding up well in a tough environment.  Good value.
Good
This has been a great little addition. The plate is as large as a that of a larger microwave, but this fits in smaller space -- in this case, in a corner.
Simple and basic microwave. Works as expected and does the job. Perfect for limited space on a countertop.
Received product as described and expeditiously. A++++
Just a month, no issues, no particular shortcomings, nothing really outstanding, just working as a reasonable microwave should.
It's a microwave. The buttons feel cheap.  Also, before you purchase go somewhere and see a microwave that is .7 cubic feet. Literally can't even microwave a hamster it's so small...
Love this microwave.  It fit perfectly in the area I wanted it to.  I wanted a simple, smaller microwave and this fit the bill.  Most microwaves are larger and have too many bells and whistles for me.  It is very attractive - I wanted some stainless to match my other appliances.  I have another Danby product (dehumidifier) and find Danby to be a good product.  In one review I read it said the microwave slid when opening the door - I haven't found this to be a problem at all.  The price for this is great.  Would definitely recommend it.
So far so good! It's just big enough to fit my large ikea plates. I didn't think it would be, so I was pleasantly surprised. I didn't want to sacrifice counter space, and this was the best option. It seems to heat up pretty well. Sometimes it takes a little longer than other microwaves, but for me an extra minute isn't a big deal. For the size and price, it's a fantastic buy.<br /><br />EDIT: Just thought I'd update. It's been 2 years and it's still going strong. No issues whatsoever. It works just as well as when I purchased it.
It's OK
Perfect for our backroom.  Very pleased with the product.
What can you say about a part that fits specific applications? It replaced the broken turntable motor in the microwave. Now the microwave doesn't burn things on one side and leave the rest cold. So, it's great that the microwave is works again. The motor was considerably cheaper than having to get a new microwave, which is the best thing about it.<br />It was easy to swap out once the cover was removed from the bottom of the microwave. Getting to the turntable motor in a counter top microwave takes a chisel (or snips, etc.) to cut the tabs holding the cover panel to the sheet metal bottom of the oven. Then it's just a case of removing one screw and unplugging a connector. Just reverse the process and its back in place and you are in business. The cover plate may need a screw to hold it in place when you reassemble the microwave. It wasn't included with the motor, but is easy enough to find at the hardware store (or scavenge from some old, unused electronics).
Excellent
Works well.
This microwave was installed by the builder in our new home. 2 years, 1 month later and it's totally died. Suddenly quit while cooking, odd smell so we killed the power to the unit. Sharp was zero help. Representatives gave indications that it was a safety issue and perhaps something could be done but they stuck to their guns about it being out of warranty. Repairman blamed the motor board? That repair lasted not even a year - same thing happened - burning smell, quit working. New repair company same fix. 8 months later the unit picks and chooses when it decided to work. Door pops open when you push start, buttons won't work. Closes then opens again. It's ridiculous. Loved the concept and &#34;seemed&#34; to work fine  for a year or but it is totally ridiculous that a microwave of this price range doesn't last. Our next door neighbor has the same microwave and their's broke within the first year, they too are now having issues again. Hoping the repairman can fix it as doesn't seem like there are many alternatives out there to get something similar that don't have parts made by Sharp. Update, 3 years in our new home and on our 4th repair of this microwave. Buyer beware.
I have had this microwave for about 5 months now and it is working perfectly. The settings on the front are easy to use, I regularly use the 30 second option on the &#34;start&#34; button, and it cooks evenly. 1100 Watts is good enough for everything I cook and I like the fact that there is a light when you open the door. I think 5 beeps at the end of cooking is excessive but I do like the fact that there is no reminder beep after 1 minute. Plenty of items need to sit in the microwave for 2 minutes after cooking and a reminder beep is annoying (personal preference though). It is big enough to take a dinner plate but still a nice size for a small kitchen. I like the look of it too - clean lines! I knocked a star off because the door button needs a lot of pressure to open and the microwave slides away from me unless I hold it with the other hand. Perhaps putting the microwave on a non-slip mat would solve that issue.
So far so good! I'm not enamored with the constant beeping when things are done, but when one of my kids use it, it allows me to give them an evil stare & ask them if they are using the microwave. When I was looking to buy a new one, I had my evil redheaded stepchild  (Relax!, he is over 21) check out the specifics of the 2 machines. He said they were identical. However this one is slightly larger & performs much faster than the one it replaced! Still, not a problem, but I have to wonder why the old one took much longer to perform the same thing;!
Dont buy it!!!<br />The button will be defective after 8 months
We had the olver range model in our house but had leave it when we downsized into an apartment. This is the countertop model of the one we had to leave behind. As the wiseman said<br />I have a happy life when I have a happy wife.
Great basic little microwave.  It is small, but it has all the basic functions you need.  It heats things very thoroughly and quickly.  Surprised at how much hotter it is than my bigger GE.
I love the simple controls of this microwave
Could not have asked for anything better. The price was so cheap and the microwave works very well.<br /><br />The door is kind of hard to open. When I open it with one hand, I tend to push the machine a little.<br /><br />No issues with heating and seems to work well.<br /><br />The sound is kind of loud..but it is a microwave.
A little smaller than I anticipated, but still great!! I should've just read the dimensions better
Very nice microwave, good size, programming buttons very clear and easy to use. The only reason I gave this 4 stars is the door closure. Maybe for some folks, having a door that latches so tight you have to hold onto the oven itself when pushing button to open door is a good thing but not for me. Really wish there was a way to adjust this-a bit aggravating to have to hang on to it so I don't shove it off the stand to open the door! And one small note...I haven't figured out yet if you can use timer and then go ahead and cook in it without shutting off the timer, my old one you could and find that to be a feature I miss-have written to Danby to ask if I'm missing something on how to do this but they seem to be slow to respond. UPDATE: Danby took over a week to respond but it's as I feared-you cannot set timer and still use microwave to cook-OH WELL but definitely gonna miss that feature from my old microwave. And make sure that when you check a review for Danby microwave, it is for the actual model you are looking at-Amazon has chosen to lump ALL Danby model reviews so whereas this review is for 1.1 and 1000 watt, some reviews are all the way down to the .7 and there seems to be a wide gap in reviews.
Not as expected. Measurements are given and are true to what the item itself is. Was very surprised at how big this microwave turned out to be. Very dissappointed as I thought I would be getting a small microwave. This microwave took up just as much space as my current one. It will be going back to seller.
Works very well if you properly prepare your old microwave first by degreasing, sanding, cleaning and taping it off before applying multiple light coats.
The oven  stopped working  1 month after I got it, Samsung is unhelpful, a repair guy came said he fixed it. It is still not working,<br />I have been chasing Samsung for 2 weeks.
Tiny as promised! Not very powerful, which goes with the tiny, but it seems like they should be able to fix that in a future model.  The button to open the door requires a LOT of pressure.
I like Sharp Microwaves. My mother had one for 40 years and I have had one for 30 years before both required repair. My microwave needed a new magnetron and fuse which I fixed for $125.00. My mother's microwave had to be replaced as we could not find all of the replacement parts we needed. Hence, I purchased the one above- almost an exact replacement. It works very well and is easy to use, but I am not happy with the outward appearance. Too much black and it looks cheap compared to her original one.
good
It was delivered on Feb. 14, 2015 and has stopped working already. Brand new outlet so I know it's not that. Will not turn on at all and the return window closed on Mar 17, 2015.
This is a very good microwave. it is perfect for places with limited counter space. It is small. You won't be able to cook full meals with this microwave but it is perfect for basic microwave uses such as heating up frozen vegetables and reheating leftovers. So far it has worked just fine.
works well and an an advantage i had not thought of is that the 5 y/o can use it with supervision.
i am please with this purchase. its the only portable close washer i have purchased so i can't compare products. e spin cycle isn't veryeffective but it washes well. you can put a pair of man size jeans and a couple of tshirts. at one time. i purchased a two year protection plan just in case.
i have not used it yet but it looks exactly same size that we have.  hope it works well, then it's a great deal!!
matched its description, successfully replaced broken part on my samsung dishwasher. does the job needed, which was mostly just to keep the top dishwasher rack in highest position. i have used lever to raise and lower but it's just not some thing i need often. hard to install, had to really press on it using tools, before it made an audible snapping sound and settled into place. it only goes in one way, in a specific place, so pay attention because force is required and forceful install in wrong place will destroy it. since it is a hard plastic, i could see where the plastic mounting tabs showed stress from the install.  i worried they would break off during my efforts.  important to know that these are side-specific, you need to buy a right or a left to fit the need because it cannot switch between them.  when one breaks, the others carry the load and break sooner so buy spares. ensure your purchase specifies right, left, or both.
Good I love it. Hoping its lasting. My friends and family was excited thought I changed my dishwasher
Works well, but same gripes as other reviewers; no handle, slides too easily.
Perfect space and size. I have no cabinet space and this works perfectly. But you can't put a regular size plate in it. Still serves their purpose.
The push buttons are ok but occasionally have to push harder to operate.
Overall, like it and would recommend. One issue is that, of late, the door requires several pushes to open. I've cleaned the area, can not see an obvious issue but am concerned that it may worsen. So far that is the only negative I've experienced. I'm contacting Samsung directly on this one.
We love this. One of our favorite parts of the kitchen remodel. Such a space-saver and it just IS cool. I read some negative reviews - all stemming from not have a revolving plate and might be damaged if someone pushes down on it? Well duh. I have a 5yo and 8yo - they know not to stand on/in the microwave. And it's 2015 - who needs a revolving plate? I use a microwave for quick stuff, not rotisserie chicken and what-not. We are super-pleased with this microwave.
I bought this M/W for use in an apartment after reading the good reviews on Amazon. Functionality and performance and even look-wise, this has been a great buy. No complaints there. But a couple of important downsides to this microwave...It is LOUD and keeps beeping even after the timer is done. there is no 30 second timer which is already mentioned in some of the reviews/Q&As. So, that is a fact..just confirming here.
Very pleased. save space. Loved it
This microwave is great! The size is perfect for my small studio apartment (not a lot of countertop real estate) and the stainless steel finish looks really nice.  Sturdy construction and works very well. The light turning on when you open the door is a nice feature. I docked it a star because the buttons are a little more difficult to push than other microwaves, but not too big of a deal!
I've had the microwave for 2-months. It used to open easily. It no longer opens when you push the button, you have to manually pull the door open. definitely a disappointment. I hope I can return it!
Not as fun as I thought I would be
Fits my counter top (I have a small apartment) well and I am very pleased.  Does not take up a lot of room and seems to work very efficiently.  Thank you.
This microwave worked fine for some 3 months and then started problem with door. I was totally disappointed seeing problem in just 3 months. Customer service was rude and unhelpful.
am very happy with  this
Works the way I expected it to work.
I didn't measure well and this wonderful piece of equipment was much too large so I had to return it So sorry I'd have loved to keep it
My mom really likes it
Just as advertised.  Nice looking, easy to clean and large interior .  MNo problems thus far.
Great!
Big enough to put lots of things in, but doesn't take up too large of a space on the counter. I can say this honestly as I have less than 9 linear feet of countertop available to stick anything onto.
good machine
great microwave.  simple and compact.
Great value for the money
We opted for this style of microwave this time around in our new kitchen and have not been disappointed! The shipping was fast (thanks to Amazon), the look of the microwave is wonderful and goes well with our other appliances (GE Monogram & DCS), the drawer opens and closes well, it cooks wonderfully, it's quiet, controls are simple to use, the kitchen timer is handy...I know there were some negative posts, but as of now, after 4 months of use, I couldn't be happier!
fits ikea wall cabinets..
Great little microwave!
Really worked. The once rusty bottom inside of my microwave looks brand new.
Came in on time. Had no issues
Fit my microwave cart perfectly and works really well.  Great microwave at any price.  I really think it's more powerful than 700 watts though.
after sanding rust out and washing cavity, paint when on with no problem.  However, jt did take several coats to cover the exposed sheet metal.  So far the plastic wheels on the plate rotary device have NOT picked up any of the fresh paint.  Wife loves her &#34;new&#34; microwave.  Paint was totally dry within an hour.  We left it outside over night with the door open to get rid of fumes.
Very satisfied , looking great, AAAA
Prompt shipment, great quality. Stylish microwave, perfect for limited counter space.
Came damaged and was returned
Great item and seller!
I wanted a product that was a microwave and toaster, and this claimed to be in the description.  It does not toast!  The manual is awful, very little and very confusing instructions.
Good microwave oven.  Priced right. Setting too high will burn everything till learning curve is over.  Expect to burn a lot of food.  8/26/15 re-review  turn table inside quit working.
it's starting not to work well - takes too long to heat food and leaves cold and hot spots.
5 star very happy with it
Simply the best microwave we have ever owned
As described. A great little microwave for the price!
It is a cute microwave that fits into the space I had.  It is a little smaller than I had imagined and the &#34;crome&#34; on the outside is a little hard to clean.  I works well and I am happy with it.
Great product
Powerful and beautiful microwave.
Very good product for the price.
Great product, looks nice... Exactly what we were looking for. Arrived in great shape two days after we ordered it!
This microwave  is a piece of garbage. We ordered it from another online website. It arrived defective and sharp refused to replace it. We had to go through 4 repair appointments  before they agreed to send a new one. We have to pay to have the replacement  installed. Sharp customer service it terrible. Dodging phone calls. We should have bought something else from amazon...lesson learned!
It is everything I wanted it to be. Got it for my 92 year old mother who had a microwave die on her. So far she is very happy wit it. Time will tell if it is a substantial product, but the price was very good.
Cheaply put together.  Very low quality for the amount of money spent. Spend a little more and get a quality product.
He has worked perfectly right out the box. It was simple to set up and easy to use. I've used it to defrost meat, make beverages, bake potatoes etc etc and its been great. Excellent value for money. It lived up to its Consumer Report's Best Buy status
We had a Samsung Microwave that lasted a few years prior to burning out and dying. It's funny how quickly you get used to living without one.<br /><br />But we did miss popcorn, frozen foods and the other Microwave friendly albeit limited uses that they have. In shopping around online I was sold in a large part by the positive reviews and we're enjoying the quality touches:<br /><br />* Great build quality this unit is VERY heavy and sound<br /><br />* Easy to use<br /><br />* Lot's of quick short cuts like, Popcorn, Melt & soften, Pizza and so on<br /><br />* Large Blue LED clock and timer.<br /><br />* Sleek, elegant and transitional design<br /><br />* Super powerful exhaust is Fantastic (ours is vented to the outside)<br /><br />* Bright white goes well with all our other appliances<br /><br />Please note this is a basic Microwave and lacks many of the features found on models priced at twice the cost. However, considering what we use a microwave for this unit couldn't be more perfect. This unit is HUGE and HEAVY so if you're handy  and can DIY I suggest having someone to help you or take advantage of local installation by Amazon approved Installers if that service is available in your area - or a local installer of your choice.<br /><br />That said, With 1,000 watts of power this oven is extremely fast and efficient. If you don't need all the Bells & Whistles I couldn't recommend this Microwave strongly enough.
Fine product.
Perhaps its my fault in not researching the low wattage but indeed this microwave takes an exorbitant amount of time to heat items
Late Package Delivery. Damaged Item.
Absolutely fine.<br />Actually, I recommended it to a friend.  It was the right size for her.<br />She ordered and received from you.  Fits perfectly for her too.<br />I like the handle on the door.  Makes it easier.
Wish the cord was longer, but I really like the way it fits into the corner of my countertop. I have a small kitchen & it doesn't take up a lot of space.
Fits in my studio without taking up to much space. I have no down side to comment on this little microwave. It functions perfectly for what I need it for...which is heating bowls of isomalt for working hot sugar art. Love it!
I looked a long time before I found this microwave; it was very hard to find one where the interior light goes on when the door is opened (not just when it is in operation).  This one does, is logical to operate and fits nicely on a counter top. The only thing on my wish list that is lacking is power; it's only 1,000 watts and I would have preferred 1,200 watts.
This is a great little microwave. It fits perfectly in my tiny space so that I have a little more needed counter space than I did with my larger microwave
Perfect size for my dinner plates. I like the express cook buttons that allow me to hit one button to start cooking. Cooking times for store bought frozen foods seems to be just right for this microwave. Good quality for a low price.
Pretty simple
very good
works
Works as expected. Great value.
I am in a wheelchair.  Cannot stand to reach our over the stove microwave.  Purchased this to place on he counter.  Now I can microwave to my hearts content.  Works great and priced right.  Would recommend it to everyone.
Exactly what I wanted.
Looks great for the price and works well! Could not ask for more.
Product does the job it was sold to do.
It's kind of tinny.  Probably just too small . The latch for closing the door sticks so you need to slam the it,  and the whole thing shakes.  I'm already prepared for itt o die, and I will buy a larger and more expensive one.
love this! Good size for countertops<br /><br />had it since January 2015 and loved every minute of it.
It came with the diode which may have caused the problem and I would not have known it. Good call!
Great size.  I only use a microwave to reheat things.  So nothing more then 5 minutes or so.  The simple display to add time by 30 second increments is what allows this to be so small.  If you need complicated time inputs with numbered buttons, this isn't for you.
Great value for the price. Full array of function controls. Takes up small amount of counter space, yet has plenty of room for a full 10 1/2&#34; dinner plate on its motorized turntable.
Nice microwave arrived quickly was actually 40 dollars cheaper than in the local big box stores.  very quiet, sleek look, Grill function works well. so far we've had it only a week but it seems to be doing the job as described.
TThe kit works well. It took lots of work to unload and reload the microwave over the range though.
It's great
Great stuff.  Saved me from having to buy new oven.  It's been a year, and it's still good.
My over the range microwave died and the manufacturer no longer makes the model I have.  Because it will take me some time to find what will look correct with what I now have, I needed a microwave oven quick!  Took a chance, because I didn't want to spend a lot of money, and purchased the Danby 0.7 cu. ft. countertop.  I couldn't be more pleased.  It works just great for what I need and it arrived in two days!
It works, nothing fancy, no bells and whistles. It's small its basic and that's all I needed. Big enough to fit a dinner plate and small enough to push into a corner, perfect.
Fast delivery, great microwave!
The color description on the can is &#34;snow white&#34;, the reality is this paint is an off white color.  My GE microwave is a bright white color and this paint did not match.  I still used the product and it worked well.  If the directions are followed, the spray applies evenly and covers well with several coats.  For my needs I liked this product better than the touch up paint with brush application.  You also get more paint with the spray can.
Great small size, easy to clean. Amazing price!
Very nice little microwave and doesn't take up a ton of space on the counter.
The button pad gets very easily torn up. I'm not a heavy handed person.  Owned this a few months and the pad is torn up. Looks like something was chewing on it. Especially the start and clear buttons.  Would have spent a bit more for a sturdier pad. Otherwise it works great and looks good.
Works well! Great small size! Easy to figure out controls!
Great little unit. Only big enough for one dinner plate, but does the job well.
The microwave and is nicer then I expected for the price. It is stainless steel inside and out. they also include a replacement key pad cover. the only thing I do not like is the glass turntable did not come with a wheeled undercarriage to allow for smoother rotation, but other then that very nice and I would by again.
This part was exactly what I needed to repair my microwave - easy install.
it was great!! The product came as described...on time and the right product.
Doesn't work on a pure sine wave inverter.
Great price, shipped in good speedy time,  a very small dent that we decided we were not going to complain or worry about!  Oven was mounted, and neither of us felt it was worth taking out and starting over!!!  Works great, convection or micro- wave!!
Fits under my cabinet & is pretty quiet.  I've only used it to heat up things & works great.  Takes up only a small amount of countertop.
Great product, really like it, and the price was amazing.<br />I got in time and it was pack well.<br />I would recommend it to others, one caveat let's hope it last a few years.<br />Martha
Just the right size. Not too big.....not too small.
Good paint to touch up the interior of a microwave
Arrived in timely fashion and well package.  My complaints: It is noisy when it runs.  Also the plate that rotates sticks and makes a horribly loud noise as if something is going to explode.  I worry that this oven may not last long.  The door also requires a &#34;hard&#34; push on the mechanism to open the door.  l would not purchase this again.
Part was received on time and works perfectly.
This thing is small and that's what we needed. But it is weak. I've used some really awful microwaves before, but this thing takes longer to heat my food than any of them. It eventually does the job though, and the price was right.
big enough for me, easy to use controls, great price
The first of these we bought didn't work right out of the box. We returned it for another, which managed to work for just over 2 months and now won't heat anything. Very disappointed.
I've had this item for about a month. It was purchased to replace an aging micro/convection that I've had for about 8 years. While I've not yet used all the various settings,  I have used the microwave function. More to that in a minute.<br />When I received this item, the box didn't show any damage, but the micro had a sizable dent in the exterior upper back part of one of the side panels. Returning the item seemed like a huge pain (one of the problems with ordering this type of merchandise from an on line source), so I called Amazon customer service and they gave me a credit for the damage.<br />On to the performance of the unit.... It does work well as a microwave, however it is louder than any microwave I've ever had in the past (including the micro/convection that I bought this one to replace.) Is this a problem associated with the dent in the housing? Perhaps.<br />Now, the reason I've only used the micro function? I just haven't had the time to dig thru the manual to figure out how to use the other functions. It really is not very intuitive when it comes to ease of use. Also, while I knew that it had a wheel for time adjustment, I didn't realize how much I'd gotten use to simply entering the time digitally. I know this sounds like a petty complaint, but one would think that as technology advances, we wouldn't be taking backward steps in product design. I'll add more as I have the time to decipher the instructions for more functions.
We bought this microwave less than three years ago. It was handy and compact. It has now burned out in a spectacular and very dangerous flashing of fire and loud noises. Buy something else!
We are back up and running.
Very , very good i event toast bread in it, thank you SAMSUMG and AMAZON TOOOOO
I've had this microwave for about a year now and I am very happy with it.  It fits in the corner of my kitchen counter and works just great for reheating foods and cooking vegetables.
it is a bit small. Also the sound it makes when it is done is ear piercing.
Love the size, but didn't last a month!
It works fine.
I have been very happy with the microwave. It fits the space I have perfectly and so far has been working well.
i hate that opening the door moves the microwave towards you and out of its place. Thats my only complaint.
Exactly what we hoped for in every way.<br />After needing to retire our well-loved Advantium, we opted to replace it with a more-basic microwave.<br />After rewiring from 220 (what the Advantium required) to regular ol' 110, we bought this GE microwave-combo<br />and had it installed. What separates this unit from other combination models? Well, for one...<br />We can use the timer AND the microwave at the same time; Something we kind of took for granted<br />in having had the Advantium for so many years.No other microwave seems to have this stupidly-basic<br />feature, something we learned the hard way by initially purchasing a top-rated Sanyo unit.<br />(And they questioned US when we kvetched about the timer/use of microwave conflict, insisting we were<br />asking for too much; Right...)<br />Back to this GE: Stainless steel interior is wickedly-easy to clean, the 'beep' tone isn't obnoxious, and the heating<br />element cooks evenly.<br />Just perfect in all ways; Can't say more about it.<br />Thanks!
Too small and too heavy, but works as expected.
easy to install.looks great.
Bigger than I thought but still works well for my needs. Fits right under my bed, for easy storage and use. Definitely a perfect space saver microwave.
The Danby microwave works well, but it is somewhat flimsy.  I've only had it for a few months and the plastic coating on the keypad is already bubbling and peeling.  However, the microwave cost less than $50, so for the price, it's a fair deal.
It has been about two months and my husband and I love this microwave. We have plans of putting it in our new island as a built in. It looks great and works really well. The convection feature is a huge bonus.  I would buy again.
Have only had it about a month, but so far so good.  It is smaller than my last one, but I needed something that would fit in a small space and it's hard to find compact-sized microwaves.  I just use it for warming up things and it seems to be doing the trick.
I wanted a small microwave to heat food more than cook it in the first place. For example, I bake a large casserole in my oven, keep it in the fridge, then later heat meal-sized portions. This Danby model is perfect for that. Occasionally, I'll prepare a frozen dinner or pizza and its good for that too as long as the food container does not exceed the 9 inch (or so) interior rotating cooking surface.<br /><br />One thing to be aware of, and that is this is a 700 watt microwave. Most food packages show microwave times for 1100 watt microwaves. This means you must cook things longer with 700 watts. No problem: Do an internet search for &#34;microwave 700 watt conversion chart&#34; and you'll see plenty of charts you can print. I posted one I printed to the inside of a cupboard door and consult it when I need to convert the 1100 cooking time shown on the food package for my 700 watt Danby. Example: 4 minutes at 1100 watts shown on package = 6 minutes 17 seconds on a 700 watt microwave.<br /><br />This is a small sized unit with 700 watts of power. It may no be for everyone. However, it meets my needs exactly. Also, it looks and performs well. I have had no problems with it. I'm a satisfied customer.
took off rust under turntable with dremel motto,<br />then applied three coats ann hour apart<br />VERY HAPPY
Love the microwave. It works great and adds such style and flare to our kitchen.
This model is a newer version of one that we had for many years. It fits perfectly in the custom cabinetry that we have. It looks great and functions really well. We're very happy with this purchase!!
Fantastic, love this little bastard.  Saves my counter space and looks great.
Installed easily.  So far I've baked a chocolate cake and cookies with convection method. Both turned out perfect. Microwave works as I expected.
Everything we wanted in a microwave.  All black looks better than just black face.  Has the 30-second add-on feature which we both like.  Slides around, but that can be remedied with non-slip material.  Has a nice &#34;lip&#34; at bottom so can be clasped while pressing buttons or starting which prevents slipping in the first place.  Great price for product--but time will tell for sure.
DO NOT PURCHASE THIS PIECE OF CRAP! DANBY NEEDS TO LEARN HOW TO BUILD A FUNCTIONAL APPLIANCE.
So far I like this microwave.  It seems like good quality materials and also well put together.  It's doing a great job efficiently heating.
Exactly what i was looking for. i would of like more selection in the color
what a huge waste of money!  We bought this microwave specifically because it would fit into the little compartment of my husband's OTR truck.  We've never had issues getting a microwave to work in the truck before... and to make matters worse when my husband called their posted phone number for assistance he kept getting passed around from one 'um, I don't know' person to the next.  We would have returned the microwave IF he hadn't already put it in the truck and left from home BEFORE he discovered that it doesn't work on the power source (why not... we still don't know).  Looks like he puts back in the too large microwave and has to take it out and set it on the bunk in order to make a meal.<br /><br />We gave it a 2 because it is the perfect size and it DOES work if you want to use it in a house, but for some reason will not work with the power inverter OTR trucks use.
Works fine, but somewhat lacking in some features.  The defrost selection begins at  1/2 lbs..  In a single person household, I often need to defrost smaller amounts.  I buy packages of pork chops, vegetables, etc. and split them up into small packages and freeze them.  Also, my previous microwave had a 30 second time add feature which I used more often than the 1 minute add feature on this microwave.  One minute is often longer than I need and if 30 seconds is too short, I could always push it more than once.  That microwave also had several fan speeds and light options.  The lower fan speeds were useful when I didn't need the higher speed and reduced the rather irritating high speed fan noise.  These restrictions are mostly just somewhat irritating and, overall, I'm not dissatisfied with the unit.  I also found the installation instructions somewhat difficult to follow. Mainly, I had a few parts that didn't seem to go anywhere.  My previous unit (different maker) only lasted 4 years which was a disappointment, I hope this one lasts longer.
Everything was perfect!
Was drawn to this one after reading all of the positive reviews! They were spot on! I'm very happy with this purchase!!
THIS GIVES OFF A TREMENDOUS AMOUNT OF HEAT ON THE LEFT SIDE AND THE BACK.  Simply touching the left side casually after it completed a fast heat cycle left a burn on my forearm.  I then felt around the unit without touching and found the right side cool the top reasonably so and the back burning with heat.  Since this is a countertop unit and the side will be exposed in most applications my experience is that this unit is dangerous!  Especially if you have children.  I am returning it immediately.
Worked great. Looks like a new microwave.
This has to be the worst microwave I have ever purchased. It arrived without the internal clock, it is completely missing, so obviously it didn't function out of the box. And I can't get a replacement for another week, this is awful. I know microwaves are just a convenience but having just moved we don't have one and this was timed to arrive just in time for our new home. Total disappointment in both the product and Amazon.
Nice product for the price.  Delivered quickly.
Awesome microwave, seems much expensive than i paid for it!
My Whirlpool microwave, 18 months old, caught on fire. I tried calling Whirlpool once and was told I would get a call back from someone in safety. Never happened. I called back, sat on hold for 35 minutes, then had a customer service rep hang up on me. WHIRLPOOL NEEDS TO BE HELD ACCOUNTABLE FOR THIS FAULTY PRODUCT. THIS KIND OF PRODUCT AND CUSTOMER SERVICE IS NOT OK. No one buy this product :Whirlpool WMC20005YW: it is a safety hazard!!!!!!!!!
I did not care for the way the bottom of the microwave was not finished.  I need a better finished bottom.  The filter on the bottom does not fit in tightly enough.
It fits perfectly under my cabinets - the measurements given by everyone are accurate! I was terrified this would blow the ancient fuses on my already electrically overtaxed retro apartment, but it runs with just a small dimming of lights. WHEW. It heats nicely and is quite spacious. The only annoying thing is that start/stop are the same button, but &#34;cancel&#34; is a tiny button near the top of the panel. So often I go to clear the screen from leftover time and end up starting the darn thing again. I am used to cancel/stop being the same button! I'll reprogram myself. In the meantime, I love it.<br /><br />Side note: There is a cardboard-y thing stuck to the side of the microwave which is not mentioned in the other reviews or in the manual - LEAVE IT THERE. If you go to the manufacturer's website, you can find out it's a mica panel to protect a vent. It's tempting to toss it because it looks out of place with the rest of the shiny chrome, but just leave it.
Trim kit, bought along with the GE microwave is just fine. Not large enough to fill the gap in the kitchen cabinets since it is replacing the large size GE Advantium built in microwave. Had to get cabinet installer to fill the gaps between the cabinetry and trim kit. Looks fine. Is perfect if the area you are using it in is the exact same size, so watch out for that.
This is a very slick-looking unit, but unfortunately it doesn't heat things up fast enough, probably because it's 950 watts instead of 1100 like many others. The grill feature is a nice addition, allowing you to cook items you normally wouldn't cook  in a microwave.  Cosmetically it's a treat to look at, different than all the others out there.  You CAN see the food inside while it's cooking, but because of the black interior it's not as easy to see as others.  The front is all plastic -- stainless it's not.  The controls are nice, the push button opener is easy, the unit is relatively quiet while cooking, and overall we're quite pleased with it.  However, if you like to nuke your food in the shortest time, you should look elsewhere.
Big enough for a plate of food.  Works great! Doesn't take up the whole counter.
smaller than your average microwave
Great price, 1000 watts Works perfect
I would have given it five stars if there was a handle on the door to grab on to so that's why I decided to give four stars.
Does not work will be sending back
Fit perfect in cupboard, nice sleek design..easy to clean..haven't used the grill part yet but expect I will soon.
Missing the turnable shaft. Can't use it without this part. Will alter feedback once problem is resolved.
Working well so far , good
Unit defective upon arrival, could not be repaired after two attempts and numerous phone calls to Samsung.  Not recommended unless you like wasting your time and not having a microwave for a month after purchase.
Met my needs
The only thing it did was cover the spots .  When I turned the microwave on it sparked.  I had waited 24 hours.  It is a GE mstainless on the out side.  Wasn't cheap and was a gift.  Suck it up and buy a new one.
good Price for good product<br />The price was right and now after some three months of use, I've not had any problems with it
the paint did a great job. would buy again.
Nice
I got a good bargain on this. Looks good on the countertop. Though small in size with limited power, It works perfectly well and serves the purpose.
So far, so good. I've been using it for about a month, it is a smaller size and less oppressive in my small kitchen. Intuitive controls. No complaints.
Very nice small microwave! Small footprint but still powerful enough. Also good for putting it on a higher place - like on top of the fridge - all the controls are at the bottom part.
Turn table motor works well. Only problem, it only reverses counter clock wise at random.  Doesn't automatically reverse direction at every start.
Great design.  Compact and efficient.  Easy to use.
We have only used for quick cook and reheating and it does both jobs just fine.
Love it! Just as described, works great!
e z fix fit perfectly, worked great
Fantastic microwave. I bought it to replace a PoS GE micro that failed in less than a year. Very powerful, very intelligent settings and very attractive.
Looks and works great. Easygoing to read key board .
Works as advertised!!
My old microwave is going strong! Planned obsolete is no longer going to take me over. Paint works great. Prep took a while as old paint may not like the new paint and bubble. So prep!
Really nice fit and finish STAINLESS INTERIOR wipes clean GET IT
Perfect size. And it works great.<br />I love it..
HAVE HAD THE MICROWAVE FOR ABOUT A MONTH NICE SIZE AND WORKS VERY WELL AND  QUIET  SHIPPING WAS A LITTLE SLOW DUE  TO BEING OUT OF STOCK BUT SEEMS TO BE A GOOD PRODUCT MADE HER IN  USA  FROM WHAT THEY SAY ....
This is exactly what I was looking for . Not too large but will hold a dinner plate . Heats food well. Love the Express Cook feature, simply push  1,2 ect for however many minutes you want, it starts , runs till finished. Also like the fact display goes back to clock time instead of saying END like my previous one. Could not be happier .
Loved this when I first got it, purchased after reading really great reviews. However, I noticed that the top got really hot, and several weeks after purchase it got so hot that it shut itself off! This didn't happen again, so I kept it, until a month and a half after purchase I went to open the door to put a cup of coffee in and the top part of the handle broke- saw a piece of plastic shoot across my counter. I am returning and getting another brand- not going to waste my money on another of these cheap pieces of equipment.
It has the 3 things I cared about - a light that goes on when you open the door, a quick one touch feature (30 seconds) plus single minutes, and it is the right size and power for my uses.
I've only had this about 4 months but so far it works very well. It's more powerful than my last microwave.
Absolute piece of junk from an unsavory seller. Do not buy this microwave. It was refurbished and I didn't know. The cord had been &#34;trimmed&#34; by the previous owner so it could fit through a hole, quite a surprise. Didn't come with templates to install, had to buy separate. Door closes way too hard and noisy.<br /><br />And now it's dead one year later! I had my previous microwave for 9 years.<br /><br />Total junk. Wish I could give the microwave zero stars.
I just got the microwaves yesterday and will add more when I know more.  BUT so far it is good. I like the look and the ease of use.  I cannot wait to try the grill feature.  The grill feature does make it heavier, but not too much.  Also when comparing microwaves remember to look at the wattage as this is a bit lower than some and so cooking times will be a bit longer.
Works great for the price!!
Innovative shape, perfect for limited coutnerspace in a small apartment
...it's been very good. It replaced a much larger unit but this is a much better size. Different controls of course but they're acceptable. The one time I used the dinner plate feature, it was spot on. The reason I knocked off one star (considered two) is because the turntable ring and plate dislodge easily if a heavy object is slid across or not centered when setting down.
I like how it doesn't allow finger prints
Love this microwave!  Perfect size for our office counter, works very well and looks nice.
The cord isn't long enough, so I have to pay more money for a longer cord.
Solid, nice size...working fine so far.  Good price and quick service.
This is a very nice microwave at a great price! I wish it was 1,100 watts instead of 1,000. That little bit does make a difference! The only thing I can say is a slight negative is the noise on start up. It is kinda loud. But I would definitely recommend this microwave!
The buttons are hard to push, but otherwise, it's just what I wanted.
I like the performance of this microwave.  It was bought after our other one caught on fire.  It fits perfectly on the counter in the corner.  The only problem with it is the button for the door.  It is very stiff and hard to push.  I thought it was just me but my husband complained about the same thing.  It's not enough of a problem for it to be returned.
Everything as expected. Installed the magnetron and diode by following videos on YouTube and everything is now working again.
Perfect for a countertop.
Good, cheap microwave!  I was able to tuck this into a cabinet which is great, since I do not like a lot of clutter on the counters.  No complaints!  Works as expected.  For what it is... a 5/5 stars.
installed in new home less than 18 months ago -- sharp covers their products for one year...it's a shame I didn't know this prior to buying it.
I purchased this for a gift and didn't open the box. The recipient informed me that it was defective.  The door wouldn't close. I chose to have it repaired locally, as it was heavy for me to take to PO.  Needless to say, it discourages me from ordering large objects through Amazon.  I can't speak to the good qualities it may have.  I just wish the quality control had been better.
Perfect fit. I went to several appliance stores locally telling me I couldn't get one to fit. Love the look and bot microwave and convection  wok great.
Was great until 6 months after received. It just stopped working. Trying to contact the manufacture. Will keep you posted on their customer service.
Great product at a good price and easy to install.
Had it for a while now, so far no malfunctions. Decent size. I do wish it was a little quieter - the beeps are very loud, and it would also be nice if it had one of those buttons to press to just add 30 seconds to the current timer count, but overall pretty good.
Broke in less then 60 days
Entry level, small and powerful. Was here in 2 days with prime. Best way ever to shop. Recommend both the microwave and Amazon prime!!
I bought for my father-in-law's truck. In terms of its size, it was perfect fit for the truck with inverter built in but as other people described, it's not working properly with the inverter. I think it will work normally with normal AC but not through the inverter. The inverter was rated as 1500W. So $50 inexpensive microwave works better than this one. I had to return it. :(
Perfect for my needs (compactness, appearance and performance). A very high quality product.
Very small. You can find better products in the store at lower prices.
Looks good, only worked a week. First - timer would work but no heating occurred, next dy everything looked like it was good ( lit up, revolving, timer working) but food temp was not changing. Cancelled replacement and have NOT been refunded.
Covered well  prep was most work<br /><br />One can did the entire cavity
Adorable and it works great. Not as powerful as my old one but the added counter space more than makes up for it. My covered Corningware fit in it perfectly but my plates don't. a standard 11&#34; plate fits mine are 11.5. not a big deal for me but if you reheat on plates you should measure them.
Compact, stylish and very efficient. Wish it was all stainless steel.
This microwave is fantastic.  It fits into the corner of the countertop which I consider the dead space.  I am unable to reach most things placed in this space but the microwave is perfect.  I have more counter space.  I would rate the performance a 15 out of 10 because it's so great.
As Advertised
It is a fine microwave but I am not that happy with it.
Working but you need to set extra time to get your food warm up. What I normally warm up in 30 seconds when I had GE microwave oven now takes 1 minutes and 30 seconds to warm. I could have return it but I don't want Amazon to tag me as product return guy! Not recommended for anyone who is looking for fast action product!
Good value for money. Satisfied
Fits into my cabinet space perfectly, glass rotating plate does not shift as my other microwave did. A good deal
Like it very much- heats evenly and easy to use.
very good works great
I loved the price on this microwave. So did my 90 year I'll grandfather.  We bought it and he was excited to have back the way he can cook most of his meals. Sadly though, half of the button do not work. He can not set the clock or defrost... I offered to try and return it, but he needs it to cook, and it can do that I guess. But I don't recommend this product at all.
Very large and over priced! What happened to the small cube microwave?
It quit working one month after the date I could return it.  I had been out of town for 6 weeks after I bought it so it was barely used.
Very nice and useful product
Got it quickly & it works great
Terrible product, broke down after one month of light use..
It is just the right size, it doesn't crowd the space!
For its price it's a good little microwave. It does slide when I try to open it since it's very lightweight and doesn't have any rubber feet. The inside is smaller than I'm used to, but I knew that when I purchased it. I was looking for small to fit in a smaller space. I don't use it to really cook only reheat so it totally meets my needs. I only gave it 4 stars because it slides across the counter when I open the door. Hopefully, I can add some rubber feet to stop this.
Several Samsung appliances looked interesting (features/appearances) when we were upgrading our appliances. Then I found a problem after diving into the customer reviews - the overall ratings are good, but for customers who give them low rates have catastrophic failures, e.g. smoking induction ranges, more than other brands.  We decided to stay away from Samsung brand for our major purchases. As we got most of our appliances sorted out, we still need a microwave. This one, again, looked interesting. I thought ok how bad can it be? Its neither too heavy nor too expensive, let's take a risk on this one. But I was wrong.  Long story short, after one month, the turntable starts to make noise. After 3 repair attempts over several weeks, we were left with the turntable not turning at all. To add to the insult, these 3 repair attempts don't even register in Samsung's system, so even if the lemon law is more and more applicable to my case, I would have trouble claiming it.  Based what I found after taking apart of our broken Samsung TV, I think the company put too much emphasis on using their own components, and some of them are not very good. That could be why we are seeing a pattern of reliability problems across its product lines.
I love this little microwave!  I previously owned a large Panasonic 1250w monster that was awesome, however, after it unceremoniously died after only a couple of years, I was looking for something that wouldn't quiet eat up so much counter space.  After coming across this one, I was a tad reluctant to pull the trigger on this little guy for a couple of reasons: #1 - What if it was actually TOO small? & #2 - It didn't have the crazy power of my last one & I'm impatient.  Alas, I bit the bullet & have been VERY happy with it ever since!  I've realized that I never actually *cook* dishes in the microwave (totally not counting late night Easy Mac liaisons), so it's actually perfect for me for heating up leftovers, making popcorn, heating up water, etc.  I was pleasantly surprised that even with less power than my last, I still don't feel like I am waiting any longer to get my food hot.  It was a little weird not having a number pad to select a specific time for about a day; now it's no big deal at all.  I usually just press the start button a few times, getting the time up to whatever I want it to be & let it go.  I would highly recommend this microwave for anyone who has similar usage as I, as well as someone who wants to free up some room in a small kitchen.
Was extremely happy with the performance of this oven while it worked, however after only 4 months of moderate usage it stopped working completely: it made a loud droning sound, followed by the smell of electrical burning, and then would no longer would heat up anything. I would also note that the mechanism to open the door is annoying- it is located under the control panel and it would be better to have it on the door handle.
Arrived in well conditon, good quality product
it works
We have had this microwave for 2 months. It makes the scariest noises, like there is metal in it but there is not. The plate also does not spin properly. Very low quality. Go with a brand you trust!
I love it However I had to return it and Repair my old one as the DOOR Hinge did not Allow for flush placement on Left side, as its in a RV and thats the way RV MFG installed it
We love our new microwave! I have absolutely nothing negative to say about this machine. It works great, and was delivered speedily. Thank you, Danby, for an affordable microwave that really works well!
II had the same problem that many people do with the GE Caf&eacute; microwave. The paint was peeling off after a couple of years and GE would not stand behind their product so I bought this paint and masked off the interior's good areas sanded and prepped and cleaned real well and sprayed a couple of coats. Sprayed really nicely, covered well, not easy to run unless you really squirted in one place for too long. Dried quickly, minimum odor, nice sheen looks like new. This was a good fix although I think it's probably temporary because the product problem was endemic to the unit and will probably continue to flake off but I'm hoping that using this bought me a couple more years. The product came quickly and I was very happy. I would only wish that there was a little bit more in the can but for what it's advertised for it's perfect.
there were some issues about the exact measurements. other than that it fit well.
Nice looking microwave. basic features, no 30 seconds key, but no big deal. The only complaint that I have is after it finishes, it will constantly beep until you open the door or hit any key, otherwise it will keep beeping 3 times forever every 30 seconds.
This was bought as an emergency replacement for a wonderful Sharp combo oven.  The convection circulating fan had failed, and there was no time to have it repaired.  The fan motor simply needed to be replaced.  The microwave function still worked perfectly, but I needed the convection oven for holiday baking.  It was just before Thanksgiving and I couldn't find a replacement of the the Sharp locally, and no time for an on-line order.<br /><br />I found this Samsung locally, and it looked like it would fill the bill.  It did save me from holiday disaster, but I've been far from pleased with it.  You have to memorize ridiculous sequences of the controls that offer you only numbers as feedback so the manual near at hand is essential.  It will only accept two entries for sequence cooking; I used three much of the time in the Sharp for extraordinary results cooking rice and polenta.  Now I have to enter the first two stages, then the third after the first two are finished.<br /><br />The temperature of the convection mode is incredibly erratic; I set 200 degrees and when I checked the oven temperature during cooking it was at 350.  Today I set it at 400 (the maximum) and it never got above 350.  I think the control circuit board is failing because I looked at the clock when it was 6:12 and the oven clock read 10:something.  I reset the clock, then looked at it this evening at around 8:30 and it read 1:something.<br /><br />The only good thing about the appliance is that the beeper can be shut off.  (I hate those electronic beeps.)  As far as I'm concerned Samsung should stick to making phones and not try to produce products they don't have enough concern about to do well.  I will avoid the brand for appliances.
Microwave functions as expexted but the inside smells bad. I think it's because the steam from food gets 'trapped' inside. After some use, I can see that the door has moisture droplets. I think this is what cause the bad smell. My old microwave of ten years never had this problem. With this one, I have to leave the door open after use, and have to clean the inside frequently. I didnt have to do any of these for my old one. Will not recommend this microwave.
This kit fixed my microwave and it arrived before the weekend.
Excellent microwave and excellent convection oven combined in one compact unit.
Works great not loud at all and small enough for my small kitchen. Affordable price and shipping was fast.
Really short from top to bottom; lots will not fit.  That is probably my fault; measurements are probably in the description.  But, the glass round tray comes out every time we use it, and it very hard to put back in to rotate properly.
Worked perfectly. No issues and fast shipping.
I've only had it for around 2 months and it's starting to automatically come on when I close the door. The stop button doesn't turn it off. I have to open it and close the door until it shuts off or it automatically turns off.
i think it met and exceeded my expectation.You need atleast 2 to paint the entire microwave ( 2 layer).I am new to this ..but it delivered good results.Thanks
My niece was thrilled with the microwave being delivered to her door.  Nice size...works great!
The microwave did a good job of heating, but had enough problems that I sent it back after 4 days.<br />1. It blew the circuit breaker, which had held up to other microwaves of similar power for years.<br />2. When starting, it made a worrisome bumping noise.<br />3. The spindle rotating the plate often made a grinding sound.<br /><br />Amazon & UPS get 5 stars for making it easy to return.
We bought this unit for a remodeled high end kitchen.  I has been installed for approximately six months and we are extremely happy with our purchase. No issues whatsoever. I love the easy automatic open/close feature and not having to bend down to put items in the microwave. The unit holds much larger plates and platters than I was able to put in my former microwave, which is really nice. It also has many useful features such as a sensor that can tell how much an item needs to be heated to be ready. As this was part of a kitchen remodel I simply told the product number to our kitchen cabinet company and they made the cabinets such that it would fit in perfectly as a built in.  The item fits in well with our suite of other stainless steel appliances.  No complaints. I highly recommend.
Fabulous oven, great price, so easy to use!  Really glad I found this - have the 4.4 cu ft all refrigerator on it's way too!
Works great! Sorry for the delay; I just got my microwave working today (2-25-15). I was not certain if it was the magnetron and diode  causing the problem, but since the magnetron (in my oven) was 10 years old, I figured that might be the problem. However (after installing the new kit) my General Electric (JEM31WA  002) was still not functioning. So, I ordered new door switches (and after checking my old oven switches) I learned that the &#34;bottom&#34; (Normally open) door switch was not functioning. So, I changed it out, and &#34;voila,&#34; my microwave is functioning perfectly! It took some time, but it is worth it! I don't regret changing out the magnetron and diode (as my old ones were probably on their way out, anyway! (I had not troubleshot  the old magnetron tube. If they are still in working order, perhaps I can use them again, later! My most gracious thanks go out to Martin Microwave Inc. and Amazon; PRODUCT WORKS VERY WELL INDEED!
Very small and very low power. Takes forever to heat anything up.
Very nice microwave.  I only use it to reheat things.  SIze is nice, does not take up much counterspace.
Cute, affordable and durable.. just weaker wattage than any microwave I've used. Also doesn't fit a standard size dinner plate.
The machine is attractive and is performing within the range of all advertised claims and meets expectations. The control logic is intuitive and practical.
Great for microwave purposes, looks great and easy to clean.  Grilling, didn't seem to work well as shown.  Maybe practice makes purpose.  Dont throw away the instructions if you want to try other cooking methods.
Noisy and hard to open but I needed a smaller microwave with a somewhat higher wattage.  The wattage isn't quite what is advertised but okay.
We purchased a home in 2013 with this already installed.  The original owners had to get it repaired once.  Since it doesn't have a turn table, it does not heat food evenly and it creates hot spots on dishes.  I have broken 3 very expensive hand made dinner plates due to the hot spots on the stoneware.  I've had the plates for 15 years with no issues.  I did buy a $30 turntable from amazon to help, but this microwave is not worth it.  We still use our old sharp countertop convention microwave and prefer it over this one.  Also, sometimes you have to let the drawer open all the way before you can shut it, which can be annoying.
Really great microwave. Since living in an apartment in NYC meant small kitchen space, we needed something to fit accordingly. This microwave was the largest smallest microwave! Perfect for our usage - simple, functional and good value. This microwave is rather quiet-- love that the beeping noise ends after a few distinct beeps. My old microwaves beeps forever.<br /><br />Easy setup, easy usage and easy clean up.
Love this microwave! I have limited space in my kitchen, it slides perfectly in the corner!
Try a different brand. I bought this in August and it shorted out in February.  It was nice while it lasted but has a dangerous flaw. Do yourself a favor and look elsewhere.
one of the best micro-waves I ever had
Larger footprint than expected for such a small microwave.  Appears to be functional enough.
I love this microwave. I only require quick reheating or a baked potato every once in awhile. It's the perfect size!
Love my new microwave.  It looks great and works great too.  Love not having the microwave on the counter!
Great service, very good for a small and compact microwave. Very reasonable price
Heats fast. Reliable. Amazing for the price!
Good quality product and good price. The button to open microwave door is very hard to push, I'm sure it will get easier with use.
Delivery was on time the microwave look great more better then the picture and very good size very happy with this microwave
I got the product out of the box and it doesn't work. It will do everything but heat up inside. I need to ship it back but between work and school there's no time. I will just ask for my money back.
I never got this item even though I examined it and placed and order for it of wehich I cancelled, it probably works better than the Oster OGB8902-B0.9 That I got instead but has electronic problems.
Good product, stainless inside is easy to clean with rounded corners. Designed well.
Good value for basic microwave
A bit noisy when running and the box and unit was damaged in shipping, though not affecting functioning.  Holding up well at the moment.
Item arrived damaged.  At that point return of item became a issue.
Very simple to operate for my grandmother.
Looks good, and seems to be holding up a couple of months later.
I gotta say... This microwave looks slick in my kitchen. Nice LED display... Sleek metal Samsung look... Goes nice with my new Samsung Washer and Dryer set ;) Also works great and the controls are laid out intuitively!
Decent size and good finishing. Works great!
I had a small paint chip on the inside that would spark because bare metal was exposed. A couple of coats of this paint saved the day. It has a use that is far more than cosmetic. It saved me about $175 because I did not have to buy a replacement microwave of similar quality because I did not trust using a paint that was not microwave friendly.
Good unit but a rough sound when operating.
WOW- my microwave looks like new! This paint is very high quality and covers very well. I needed only 1 coat but did 3 coats just to use up the can because if I ever need to paint this old thing again, its probably gonna be time for replacement.
Excellent microwave!  We had very limited counter top space and didn't want to take up a lot of that precious space with a full-size microwave oven.  This product fit the bill perfectly.  It's been working great for several months now, no complaints at all!
I've had this microwave for a year and am pleased and have no problem until a few days ago. That was when I was cleaning the bottom of the drawer from food that was stuck on. I made the mistake of putting too much water in the drawer using a wet sponge. I turns out that the bottom of the drawer is NOT really sealed for thin liquids (I doubt if food would get thru the bottom of the drawer). Anyway shortly after I cleaned it the drawer wouldn't go in or  out. It turned out that water had leaked thru the bottom of the drawer and found it's way to the motor that controls the door - the motor was burned out and had to be replaced under warranty. It took the repairman a month to get the parts (bad) .It was my fault but it could have been designed better to seal the drawer totally. So do not let a lot of liquid get on the bottom of the drawer as I did.. I also strongly recommend getting an extended warranty - things like this with a mechanical component will fail well before the electronics fails .Also it's ridiculous that it took the repair man a month to get the parts.
Arrived Damaged and needed to use immediately...
This microwave is whatever. It heats up your food, but that's about all it has going for it. The bottom three numbers don't work. They never have since I bought it. Also, the paint is already chipping on the bottom inside. It's really compact though, so it's a good choice if you have limited counter space.
I purchased this drawer microwave from Amazon for a new custom designed kitchen we were installing in our home.  My wife couldn't understand why I wanted it because she had never seen one before and didn't think the whole &#34;drawer thing&#34; was a good idea.  She eventually (reluctantly) agreed because she didn't want a microwave to go over the stove and there were no other good options for our kitchen design.  Once it was installed, she said she liked the looks of it (built into the island).  Everyone else that has seen it really likes the way it looks also because it's kind of unique.  When my wife used it the first time I don't think she wanted to admit I actually had a good idea but the drawer microwave works perfectly and it's easy to get cookware in and out since it's waist high with the door open.  My adult son used the &#34;sensor reheat&#34; button on a restaurant leftover meal he was warming up to eat.  The feature evidently &#34;senses&#34; the air inside the microwave as the meal is cooking and stops automatically when it's ready.  Pretty cool feature!  I love the microwave.  It adds to the custom kitchen design look and it works great.  (I think my wife even smiled one time when she used it)
Have had this microwave for just a year and it has stopped working. The &#34;door&#34; signal comes on when I push the start button, even though the door is properly closed and it won't start. Very disappointed in the quality of this product. Pathetic that it stops working after only a tear of light use. Anyone else have this problem?
Can someone tell me how to make the door open more easily????????<br /><br />I bought this microwave to sit on top of refrigerator - only place I have for one but the door is so hard to open that by the time I've punched the &#34;open&#34; bar enough to get the thing open, the oven has moved back away from my reach so have to climb on stool and pull it back forward and then put food in.<br /><br /> UPDATE March 6, 2015 -  After buying the nonslip product as suggested by reply to earlier review, the nonslip sits unopened.  Instead, the microwave sits unplugged like a small dead dinosaur on top of my refrigerator.  For 70 years since my grandfather built this little house, a refrigerator has been plugged into the the receptacle behind it including for 20 years my various ones.<br /><br />It took this Danby microwave less than two months of less than stellar service to trip the breaker for the first time.  Even with the electrician installed updated breaker box, the Danby managed to screw it up.  After unplugging the Danby and waiting, I tried again to reset the breaker and it worked.  I now have a refrigerator again but have no microwave.<br /><br />To use, this microwave oven had to be almost punched to open its door.  Then adjust turntable so it would turn.  Then add some more time with the 30-second add button.  Then punch it again to open the door.  Meanwhile, from the punching, the oven has slid away from reach so get out the stepstool  Just touching a numbered button DOES NOT begin to set the time.  Instead, that starts &#34;express&#34; time of minutes for the number I touched.
Finally a microwave that doesn't beep!!!<br /><br />Included &#34;Crusty Plate&#34; was badly bent.
It arrived in perfect shape and I just had to plug it in.  I have been using it every day even though I have an over the stove one too.  It is so handy to do small jobs along with the big one.
Perfect fit in my tiny kitchen.  Love the cool blue digital read-out!
Terrible product. Cheaply made. Horrible review all around.
I bought this for a gift for a family member about 500 miles away. He says he's very happy with it and that's all I need to know
2 months & no problems!
The Samsung Counter Top Grill Microwave contains a lot of features including a soften/melt setting and a grill capability but is probably too large for most countertops, an obvious drawback considering what it is advertised to be for. However, after using this microwave I can say that it works well and, while some its components are plastic, it seems pretty well constructed to me. The grilling feature, (the microwave includes a grill and a setting for accomplishing grilling and the soften/melt feature are nice. I tried the soften/melt feature, for example, and it worked fine. I also think this microwave is attractive so that is not a problem. The only real problem I can see with this microwave is that it is just too large for most countertops. If this is not a problem for you then I recommend this microwave, otherwise, I recommend looking for a smaller microwave.
Works well.  Would like to have an add 30 sec or quick minute option, but overall, is very solid for the price.
Over the range microwaves are a wonderful way to save counter space. This one gives you the option of venting the fan to duct work, or back into the kitchen, and fit under my standard height cabinets very well. Be advised that this requires a 20 amp GFI outlet to be installed inside the cabinet over your stove. This isn't hard to work out, because chances are in a newer house, your existing vent hood has electrical for it's fan and light. Watch a few youtube videos of these being installed and you should be fine.
My husband has been using this for the past month in his high school classroom, and his students have been using it every day to warm things up.  It's already been getting a lot of use, and is holding up great so far. Of course, I know it hasn't been used that long, so I'll be sure to update my review as they use it more.<br /><br />The nicest features of this are:<br /><br />* It's a microwave that also grills and crisps food -- so it really functions more like an oven than a microwave.  It comes with a grill rack, and you can cook meat on it.  When you use the grill function, you can put metal into the microwave . . . but just be careful that you take out the metal once you use it as a microwave proper. The gill function works fine, but doesn't make your food quite as crispy and nice as a regular toaster oven does.<br /><br />*  The crispy plate is also perfect for doing pizzas, and the students who have been using it to cook frozen pizzas have said that they are evenly cooked.<br /><br />* The 1,000 watts make this pretty powerful.  It's good at evenly cooking food, and doesn't leave those cold places in frozen dinners like cheaper microwaves do.<br /><br />*  There are ten power levels and a plus 30 seconds button, so you can easily add more time to your cooking time.<br /><br />* A standard variety of pre-set buttons make this good for doing basics such as popcorn, veggies, and potatoes.<br /><br />* The exterior has a scratch-resistant coating, and the stainless steel facing doesn't pick up smudges and fingerprints like stainless steel often does.<br /><br />The measurements on the 1.1 cubic foot microwave are: 11-11/16 H by 20-3/8 W by 15-13/16 D in inches.<br /><br />Overall, this is a really nice microwave.  As I mentioned at the start of my review, I will update this as my husband and his students use this more, but, so far, they've really liked it and it's held up well to constant use.
Quality Merchandise..  Great value.
Works great, looks good but sticks out from cabinets. I had it installed and they had no problems what so ever.
I know you get what you pay for, in most cases, but in this case, I don't feel I did. I expected it to take longer to heat than my old 1000 watt, but it takes at least twice as long. The turn table rattles, and because of it's light weight, you have to hold it with your left hand while pushing the button to open the door with your right, otherwise you will push it across the counter. Very displeased.
I loved this when I first received it. It looked great and didn't take up a lot of space. I really wished it hadn't died, but after 1 year of very, very light use, I turned it on (with a cup of coffee in it) and it threw out a small spark and some smoke and then it quit. It was quite scary (because I was standing next to it). I would definitely not recommend this microwave.
this is a fabulous microwave. It does both jobs of a regular microwave and a toaster oven. What more could you ask for. Presets are a bit off but it is pretty convenient to have. You can grill in this as well, though I haven't tried it yet.. I'll keep you posted. I would recommend this product to others.
This replaced a 12 year old identical model that finally quit. While I considered a more recent model, the convenience of installing a microwave with the exact same dimensions and mounting hardware is hard to beat. There are a lot of buttons that I will probably never use.
The first thing you should know about this microwave is that it is big,so make sure you have adequate counter space to accommodate it. I only use it for simple things like heating things up quicky. For this it works well. I haven't yet tried its grilling feature.
Samsung Countertop Microwave, 1.1 Cubic Feet, Stainless Steel is a must buy for people who enjoy cooking meals in their microwaves instead of just zapping snacks and melting cheese.  The counter top microwave is larger than most models and this one can cook main course meals and side dishes for you and your family.  A medium sized pizza can be cooked inside it's designed to &#34;crisp&#34; instead of being kind of on the soft side like other microwaves.  Just press the easy-to-use preset buttons for all of your cooking needs and if you want to &#34;grill&#34; your food with the grill layer that works similar to the one found in a convection oven but don't expect the same results.<br /><br />Overall, I have to recommend this microwave for those who prefer to cook their meals the fast and easy way instead of using a cumbersome stove or for apartment dwellers.  You can't go wrong with a Samsung Countertop Microwave, 1.1 Cubic Feet, Stainless Steel, especially if the price is right.
Had the Danby 1.1 cu ft model for a couple of weeks now, and really like it.  Stainless steel inside and out is really nice.  Didn't buy from AMZN...got it for $90 from a warehouse store with a super liberal return policy (you know which one!), and so far we really love it.  One thing I wish it had...a &#34;one minute&#34; button.  But it's a snap to reprogram the popcorn button for a one minute cook time on high, so no biggie, but it does mean that you have to punch in the time when you want to make microwave popcorn.
This is a powerful and great looking counter top microwave. It's replaced my old 1000 watt sanyo. It has some features you don't find on many microwaves including a power saving mode (which turns off the LED clock), a grilling element on the top, and ceramic plate. In theory you could cook a pizza, heat up some bacon all while retaining the crispiness. I'd probably heat up frozen egg rolls before i do the any of the prior though. The grilling feature is gimmicky to me. First you lose height for reheating taller items. And I'm not one for having an issue using the oven for a frozen pizza or a pan for your bacon. Maybe even a toaster oven if you wanna reheat those chicken mcnuggets. There's also one more minor issue. The rotating glass plate is raised a bit too high around the edges than i'm used to. So make sure you lift your item high enough to clear the glass plate when taking anything out.
Works exactly as advertised in my GE Profile microwave. Color match is darned near exact. I prepped with a wire brush on a drill to get as much loose paint off as possible. Then sprayed in many coats to get coverage. I removed 1 star simply because the paint is very difficult to apply without drips—could just as easily remove a star from the painter (me). The paint leaves a slight texture or roughness that was not present with the original paint which was quite smooth. Nonetheless, I will trade this look anytime for the flaking paint of the GE oven. Cleans nicely, and has held up without blemish since my purchase and application about 6 weeks ago.<br /><br />1 can will likely cover about ½ of a microwave interior adequately. Since my oven was flaking, I needed about this much coverage or slightly less. If I had stripped the entire interior, I would have been short.
I've had this a relatively short time so my review is subject to update. the controls require a little reading to understand but other than that this is like something from the kitchen of the future. The automatic pop out / pop in is smooth and quiet. The power is sufficient to get the job done quickly and the microwaves are dispersed so there are no hot spots.
Solved the problem, Easy to remove and install, just like the video shows.
Same as the other one star reviews. Less than 2 years, panel fried for no reason (overnight, we werent even using it at the time!) Not under warranty and almost $200 to fix a $800 appliance. Fifty dollar microwaves last way longer than this! We are paying to fix, but if it haopens again, we will just put a regular microwave in that space.
Really tiny.  Not very powerful.  Both of those were to be expected.
First I want to say I have no issue with the microwave.  It is a great little machine.  The turntable is nice and not usual for small and low powered microwave.  My issue is with the price though.  It is not worth over $50; even that would be too high.  It is almost more worth it to find a cheaper one directly from Wal'mart etc.
Lasted 1 1/2 years.  Flimsy cardboard inlet cover on the left side of microwave, naturally absorbed some food during use.  Now, this cardboard has somewhat deteriorated, the machine is simply a very large fire hazard.  Catches fire immediately.  Not safe, terrible design.
Very basic, works fine, a little noisier than I like (both mechanically and the door) and is a great price for what you are getting. For instance, the microwave I am replacing cost about $800. I wouldn't say the same negatives on that one... but it cost 8X as much. This one is a good deal if you aren't looking for top-of-the-line.
I bought it, I got it, I tried it, I returned it. 'Nuff said! Seriously, it doesn't appear to be a lasting product.
Great Product- Fast Shipment
This is NOT a one touch simple to use microwave as advertised. I bought it because many reviewers stated that the start/stop button was also an &#34;add 30 seconds&#34; button. IT IS NOT. Even the picture buttons are not easy. First you have to push one of them, then the number of them you are cooking and then the start button. That is 3-touch, not 1! I bought this for my parents in their nineties. No way they can use this. It's going back. P.S. The inside is stainless steel and would be easy to clean.
Paid an obscene amount of money for a 24&#34; Sharp microwave drawer. It was great for the 23 months that it worked. Died suddenly a few weeks ago (purchased February 2013). When it blew a fuse and then died I called appliance place where I had purchased it. I was told that I had to call Sharp directly. I did so. Spent 30 minutes on the phone telling my story to 4 very nice people at Sharp. They said that they would review my case and call me back in a few days. They called and said that someone from a local appliance place would come and look at it. Service men came, diagnosed the problem - something just blew up - and I was told that I would have to wait to here from Sharp. Local service person called back (very nice person) and he told me that Sharp would pay for the diagnostic visit only. If I chose to repair it, it would cost $180. I called Sharp - &#34;sorry, warranty over.&#34; We paid $900 for a microwave that lasted less than 2 years. That is what we get for spending so much money on a microwave!
I purchased this microwave at Best Buy. From reading the other reviews I guess Whirlpool does have a problem with the way these units are packaged. My LG microwave suddenly stopped working and I am ashamed to say that the majority of my cooking is done in the microwave - TV dinners, oatmeal, popcorn etc. so I wanted to buy and take home my purchase immediately. After shopping at Home Depot, Lowes and Costco I found that none of these retailers kept over the range microwaves in stock. The same proved to be the situation at Best Buy except they had this Whirlpool microwave that had been returned because of shipping damage and was available for immediate sale and for $100.00 off its $249.99 regular price because of a large dent on the left rear that cannot be seen after installation. I had read reviews and intended to buy a Samsung unit but, I did not want to wait 3 days for delivery and for $150.00 I figured it was worth the risk. The installation went well, I found the instructions and templates provided good information on the installation procedure. I was able to install this microwave by myself. The LG unit I was replacing came with the home so I don't know how old it was (other than I bought my home 1-1/2 years ago) and it was considerable heavier than the Whirlpool unit. The door on the Whirlpool unit opens and closes better than the LG unit, it is extremely easy to operate and has been functioning flawlessly for the 2 weeks I've had it installed. I have never been a fan of Whirlpool dating back many years ago to a Whirlpool washing machine I had owned, bad memories last a long time. This purchase seems to be a winner for its appearance, ease of installation, its functionality and unbeatable price. If anything in this situation changes I will update this review, but as of today I could not be happier with the service it is providing me.
Worked as advertised. Like the other reviews preparation is the key. First I cleaned the microwave thoroughly.  Next I taped off all the areas I did not want painted. I took the microwave outside and placed on a bench. I sanded down all the loose paint and rust with a sanding stone.  I sprayed several thin layers of paint waiting about 15 minutes between coats to let dry. I probably sprayed 20 coats. You could smell the new paint for a couple of days. It has been a couple of months and there has been no chipping.  Good product.
I was looking for something small and not too expensive. Then I found this. I ordered it around 7pm and before I could finish making my coffee the next day, my item was at my door. I was amazed by the fast delivery. Five stars 🌃⭐⭐⭐⭐?to them. And plus it was just what I wanted works well too. 😊
Great microwave. It is much more expensive than the typical small microwave but is worth it for something of better quality and at least some elegance of design. Controls are simple and light to the touch. I don't miss having a numeric keypad.
Doesn't clean well, and retains odor...but it heats very well!  Vapors accumulate on all interior surfaces (door panel, interior housing).  This may account for the retention of odor.  Worth a try as microwaves go for general, light to medium use.
I bought Danby Designer 1.1 cu.ft microwave to replace my aging and faulty Sharp Carousal which served well for 7 years. On comparing against my Sharp unit I found this few pounds lighter. But the marked difference which was noticed is the noise level. While Sharp was really a rowdy teenager this guy is really a silent one. When measured with smartphone sound meter app, the operational level was about 65dB ( which is like normal conversational level). I payed $40 premium for the stainless steel model which was purely for aesthetic reason - my previous microwave was plastic and I did not have any 'material' issue. As for functions, besides the common controls like popcorn,pizza,beverage etc there were a few other controls which I find useful. There is a power level button which lets you step down from full power level to say 50% level. There is also a kitchen timer control which works independently of the cooking control - $5 timer will do that function but having it there help reduce kitchen clutter. There is a two step cooking, which essentially step down the power for the second round - yet to try this feature.<br />Instead of the push button door release a door handle would have made it look more industrial. The wheeled base where the tray rest and the spoke on which tray slots fits looks a bit fragile, probably because of the lack of finish on the molds.<br />Overall this is a very elegant and industrial looking microwave and so far a great addition to my counter top.
Do not buy this.  You would get better value by throwing money out into the street.  Mine lasted three weeks, and then became entirely useless.  If you buy one of these and pay for it, you will end up with no money and no microwave.
Not english .. I cannot read...
great space saver.
I've written quite a few product reviews in the past, but never have I seen so much debate and misinformation about what would seem to be a simple kitchen appliance! A lot of the reviews I have read here are either mistaken in their details or are trying to compare apples to oranges. Samsung (or whoever the Samsung dealer on here is) has only added to the confusion, unfortunately.<br /><br />First, a few points to set the record straight. The appliance is NOT covered in stainless steel. There may be a bit of it in the trim, but it seems like whoever wrote the description hasn't actually sen one in person. Most of the outside has a black, textured metal finish, which does seem to blend in quite nicely with my own black and stainless steel kitchen appliances. It may not blend in with a kitchen that is all stainless and has no black in it though.<br /><br />There is a bare minimum of plastic in the construction, which is limited to the trim, &#34;open button&#34; and part of the door latch. I have not had any problem keeping either the highly polished front door clean nor the outside of the appliance. In fact, the texture of the black sheet metal on most of its outside surface actually prevents it from becoming a fingerprint magnet.<br /><br />Another misconception comes from the grill rack that fits inside. Some people have mentioned that it is only to be used in the grill mode, which is not true. The rack can be used in the combination grill/microwave mode just fine and your microwave will NOT burst into flames. From the manual, page 11: &#34;Grill Rack, to be placed on the turntable. The metal rack can be used in grill and combination cooking&#34;. It will even &#34;work&#34; in the microwave-only setting, although it won't contribute to the cooking process at all. In fact, the main feature of this appliance is the ability to both microwave AND grill at the same time, and you can't utilize the grill to any effect without the rack in place.<br /><br />This brings me to the main point of my review. Those who are most critical of this appliance are simply comparing it to a microwave. This is an apples vs oranges type of logic as the addition of the grilling element really makes this an unfair comparison. Is it heavier than most stand-alone microwaves? Of course it is, because it has an entirely separate heating element, electronics and carries the additional weight of a ceramic enamel interior. This is really two appliances in one that work together seamlessly to greatly enhance the texture and heat distribution of foods such as pasta, pizza, crusts, etc. The additional heating element also makes the appliance larger than stand-alone microwaves, which is entirely understandable to me. This also explains the slightly lower wattage rating than some heavy-duty microwaves. If used with the grill though, it seems to cook items just as fast as a microwave with a higher wattage rating.<br /><br />Adding to the weight is a metal exterior that uses a heavier gauge of sheet metal than the vast majority of stand-alone microwaves on the market. The reason for this is pretty simple. To keep people from burning themselves when coming into contact with the appliance. Without the heavy-duty (which is necessarily heavy) inside and outside finishes the device has, it would eventually lead to someone getting accidentally burned. For those who wonder why it doesn't have more capacity or more wattage, the reasons all boil down to safety. You can only add so much shielding to keep the size (and cost) of such an appliance practical. I think that Samsung engineers did a pretty good job at balancing safety, size and materials to keep this at a reasonable cost for a device that offers so much more than a simple microwave does.<br /><br />In regards to cost, I have seen the price of this product fluctuate wildly over the past few weeks. At one point I believe it was $179 (shipping included). Then it went up to $230 (shipping NOT included). Today, it is down to $199.99 with free shipping. I have no idea what the MSRP of the unit actually is, but for the quality of construction it has and the features it carries, it seems like at bargain to me.<br /><br />For me personally, this product is just the right size for the foods I cook and offers a lot of flexibility as to how I can cook things. The polished surface makes it by far the nicest looking appliance in my kitchen, ever. It reminds me a lot of my Samsung Galaxy S4 cellphone, actually. All in all, I couldn't be happier with my purchase and I would recommend it to anyone. If you have no interest in the grilling feature you probably wouldn't want to buy this though, because it is definitely more expensive than a stand-alone microwave. If you are only going to use it for microwaving it is overkill. I'd never go back to a regular microwave after having used this though. I am too spoiled with this product's cooking ability at this point. In any event, I think that it deserves more praise than it seems to be getting here. Try it for yourself and I would bet that you won't be disappointed.n to $199.99 with free shipping. I have no idea what the MSRP of the unit actually is, but for the quality of construction it has and the features it carries, it seems like at bargain to me.<br /><br />For me personally, this product is just the right size for the foods I cook and offers a lot of flexibility as to how I can cook things. The polished surface makes it by far the nicest looking appliance in my kitchen, ever. It reminds me a lot of my Samsung Galaxy S4 cellphone, actually. All in all, I couldn't be happier with my purchase and I would recommend it to anyone. If you have no interest in the grilling feature you probably wouldn't want to buy this though, because it is definitely more expensive than a stand-alone microwave. If you are only going to use it for microwaving it is overkill. I'd never go back to a regular microwave after having used this though. I am too spoiled with this product's cooking ability at this point. In any event, I think that it deserves more praise than it seems to be getting here. Try it for yourself and I would bet that you won't be disappointed.
As far as microwave cookers go, this beats everything else because it includes a toaster grill. I really prefer using the toaster grill rather than the microwave even if it takes much longer to cook... so it's perfect for me. This unit looks really slick and it's so easy to use. Very intuitive. It's about twice the price of other units but this is a high quality Samsung product. I love it.<br /><br />HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
I picked this unit up primarily for the Convection Oven function but have come to really appreciate its versatility. That said, the unit is not without issues.<br /><br />The short story is: the microwave function works perfectly and is perhaps a bit more powerful than my built in unit. The grill function is great - provided you use the pan that comes with the unit. The convection function is wonderful but never and I mean never use parchment paper in the unit. (FIRE!) The preheat function is problematic and 7 time out of 10 will cause your unit to stop working for at least 15 minute after it shuts off, especially if you interrupt it when it is the 10 minute post preheat time frame to try to use the convection oven setting. The unit is very sharp looking and feels solidly built. The two racks and accompanying pan are also reasonably well made.<br /><br />Now for those who are interested, the long story:<br /><br />Microwave:<br /><br />Works just great, seemed to have more power than my built in unit so I did a boil water test and found it got the water percolating about 30 seconds faster than my primary unit. The kids and I have learned to dial the time back when we use this unit.<br /><br />Grill:<br /><br />Love this feature, I made the following - Grilled Cheese (upper rack and pan - 7 minutes with flip at half way point) turned out beautifully. Open face bagel with cheese (upper rack and pan - 5 minutes) grilled to perfection.<br /><br />Convection Oven:<br /><br />I had pretty good but not perfect results here: Baked Russet Potatoes (medium) were only partially cooked after 30 minutes when cooked at the maximum 400 degree setting, my convection oven cooks them much more completely in the same amount of time at the same setting. Sweet Potato Fries were kind of a disappointment as well, they just did not crisp up like they do in my standard convection oven. Chicken Breasts and battered shrimp cooked in here were done more to my satisfaction but I did note that Ineeded to keep the temp up about 25 degrees hotter than my standard oven to get the same result. French bread pizzas were a complete disaster when cooked on parchment paper - the paper caught fire. I checked the manual about using parchment paper - I use it all the time in my standard oven for all sorts of baking - and there was no warning about using it - but I can tell you it is a big no-no.<br /><br />Preheat Function:<br /><br />Well, this function is pretty worthless on my unit. I have successfully been able to use it and then cook exactly 2 times out of 10 in the 2 weeks I have had the unit. The first time we used this function the house smelled like it was on fire, the unit quit working and we thought it had burned up. The next time we used it, it cycled through the preheat and then the 10 minute after preheat time period and then shut down. (It completely turns off, including the time display and will not work at all.) The next time I let it cycle through (both the preheat and 10 minute cycle), the unit remained functional and I was able to convection bake afterwards. Then the hubby ran the preheat and interrupted the 10 minute after preheat cycle to attempt to convection cook - the unit shut down again. As I said, we have tried this 10 different times and never been able to use the convection function directly after the preheating is done. Even waiting after the 10 minute period of time is dicey, sometimes the unit remains functional, sometimes it shuts down. The hubby is frankly worried about this and so we never leave the kitchen when the unit is in use.<br /><br />Slim Fry:<br /><br />We have not tried this function yet but I will update when we do, perhaps this is the answer to my issues with oven fries!<br /><br />Overall, this is a better multifunction machine than I thought it would be. I was highly skeptical of the convection oven side of the equation as my prior experiences with these sort of units (toaster oven/convection oven) have lead me to conclude that they are okay at best. The oven on this unit really does a decent job with some finagling on the temperature side. (Ignore the standard advise to lower by 25 degrees vs. regular oven on this unit and you should be fine.)  For the price the unit seems a solid investment, my only reservation being the preheat function which I think I will just chose to not use going forward.<br /><br />Recommended with above reservations.
We needed a new microwave and after reading the reviews bought this one. Great microwave! Easy to use. Fits in the corner perfectly! Great for thawing, reheating and light cooking.  Really saves space. Makes great popcorn too!
Color matched great, easy repair.
We've had the microwave for only a few months.  The door design is similar to our last microwave that lasted only two years.  We chose this brand because they seem to make a superior product.  So far it heats well, it's easy to clean and has had no problems.
Works great!
Is a combination microwave oven worth the extra cost?  This SAMSUNG COUNTER TOP GRILL MICROWAVE certainly is.  I've used the &#34;combi&#34; button (30% microwave power combined with a single-temperature top heating element) along with the &#34;crusty plate&#34; and grill rack to cook bacon, hamburgers, and frozen hamburgers.  All came out tasting like grilled meats (not microwaved meats).<br /><br />The regular microwave features work like any standard microwave.  The interior is easy to clean.  The microwave door is a mirror that takes a little getting used to (see the attached photo).  The only thing I don't like about this appliance is that the mirrored door won't allow you to watch your food while it's cooking.<br /><br />This is a beautiful kitchen appliance that performs the function of both a microwave and a toaster oven.  But everything cooks with the speed of a microwave.  At 950 watts, the microwave is a little less powerful than my old 1000-watt Sears microwave, so I need to set it for slightly longer cooking and reheating times.<br /><br />***Cleaning Tip:  If you grill bacon, you'll get grease splatter on the roof of the microwave.  Bon Ami removes this easily, without scratching the interior.
We live out in the country where we are forced to use propane for heat - and we have a gas-powered oven - so we usually don't make pizza at home due to the cost of propane - and most pizzas are too large to fit into our toaster oven. Additionally, when it's hot outside, cooking something in the oven turns our whole house into an inferno - so we live out of the microwave. Being able to cook a frozen pizza and have it be crispy - from the microwave, is so nice. It doesn't seem to ever get to the point where it gets it as crispy as I'd like it - but I do like just about everything burned to a crisp - I'm odd that way.<br /><br />Because of the grill element on the top, there is not as much height clearance as we had in our previous model - but for the vast majority of things we cook, this is not an issue.<br /><br />The stainless steel finish is a nice modern update to our kitchen. This model has a lot of power for a compact unit.
Perhaps I just got a bum microwave, but everything comes out hot on the outside and cold in the middle. And there's no sensor cook like the Panasonic microwaves, so choosing the &#34;frozen vegetable&#34; settings cooks the vegetables for 3.5 minutes at 60%, which is less than a third what it actually needs. I got this to replace a faulty Panasonic (since Panasonic customer service was TERRIBLE), but I'm going back to Panasonic.
Great microwave for my home.
Great
I'm not a 'cook everything, every meal' kind of girl, but we do use it quite a bit for side dishes. This Samsung Counter Top Microwave seems like a nice starter microwave.  It's not incredibly large, but for one person, it works fine.  There are a number of pre-set cook options that could come in handy. We tested this on the frozen dinner setting.  The frozen dinner box was supposed to cook for a shorter time period than the microwave's pre-set, but only by a small amount.  The cook was even and overall, it tasted good! As far as looks go, this is a sleek little microwave.  It seems to get dirty easily, though, especially the button used to open the door.  It's not too loud while cooking, though, which is a plus.<br /><br />Overall, this does what it should and has plenty of bells and whistles for those who use their microwave as their jack of all trades.
works well
Works perfectly
Kind of weak and weird. It is from France and i worry it may wig out because it flashes.
Saved me the purchase of a new microwave!  Can't argue with that!
2 years ago we completely remodeled our kitchen and I was really excited when I found the KB-6524ps because I wanted a built-in microwave for the island. All the cabinets were custom made and one side of the island was designed to accommodate the KB-6524ps dimensions. For the first 13 months we loved this product, then the automatic open/close door feature stopped working. I called Panasonic and they were no help since it was out of warranty. I searched the internet for a authorized repair company and when I called them, they gave me a price of $295 to repair the problem (including travel), so we decided to live with manually opening and closing the door.<br /><br />3 months later, we were using the microwave and we noticed a burning smell. We shut the microwave off and waited a while and tried it again. Same thing only stronger smell. I called the same repair company and they told me the motor had gone and that this is a typical problem with these units. To replace the motor was $610 including travel. So we stopped using the microwave.<br /><br />2 weeks ago we had a problem with the ice maker on our new GE profile refrigerator so I call a GE repair company who also repairs and warranties other manufacturers' products. They came out and fixed the ice maker and since their repairs are warrantied for 5 years, I asked them to look at the microwave. They also said it was the motor but they would not repair it because they have found these unit have a tendency to catch fire.<br /><br />Well, I will never by another Panasonic product EVER. For the price of this unit and how cheaply made, I could find other ways to waste my money.<br /><br />I am purchasing the Bosch built-in to replace the Panasonic but I need to have the cabinet maker modify the opening since the Bosch is 1&#34; longer.
I’m always leery of appliances that blend several functions or operations into one device. My past experience has been that it is better to get one appliance that does one thing well than to get one appliance that does three things mediocre. But one thing I can say after running this Samsung multi-function baking, broiling, microwave, convection oven through its paces, is that it really does everything very, very well. Because the interface is not intuitive (more on this in a moment), you will have to spend some time with the manual to figure out how to cook things the correct way or the way you want to. You will also have to extrapolate a little bit, because Samsung does not cover every possible foodstuff and every possible cook method. Still, by keeping the manual handy, I didn't have any problem making delicious food in any of the modes that I tried (everything except broiling ?which looks like it would be quite messy).<br /><br />I started simple, with the microwave. While every microwave that I have touched in the past twenty years was literally self-explanatory, just choose a setting or power level and cook time, this Samsung oven requires you to select the type of food, the weight, what you are trying to accomplish (heat, defrost, etc.) and it calculates everything for you and runs it. Now, this sounds like a lot of tedious work, and in fact it is. But the first thing I defrosted was frozen Japanese sticky rice. In a regular microwave, I usually just put it in at high level for a minute, stir it up, and I end up with a sometimes mushy, sometimes not, sometimes cold, or cool, or hot, sometimes perfect, sometimes inedible bowl of rice. Using the bread setting on the Samsung, I put the rice in, pushed the buttons and turned the knobs according to the instructions, and I ended up with perfectly defrosted, not hot, not cold, not a grain neglected bowl of rice. It was, in a word, amazing: defrosted without even getting hot. Wow. The microwave continued to impress in this fashion: popping popcorn, defrosting frozen berries, warming cold bread, all to perfection.<br /><br />For baking or actual heating, again, following the instructions of the manual, I made a number of excellent dishes. What I failed to notice, however, was that the cook times for everything I made were predetermined by the oven. That is to say, before starting I never knew how long anything would take and in fact, until you push the start button, the oven never indicates the cook time you are in for. Because these were main dishes and the length of time was not egregious, this didn't matter for the most part, until I tried the slim fry function.<br /><br />Now, I have experience with these so called “oil-less?fryers, which is essentially what the Samsung oven turns itself into in the slim fry mode. So, I prepped my potatoes and waited for my wife to come home before starting on the main dish prep, but before I did that, I started on the potatoes. The first step was to fast preheat the oven to 400 degrees, and it has a dedicated mode for accomplishing this. I turned it on and set to work on my other dishes. Eight minutes later, I was ready to go, but the oven was still fast (?) preheating. I cut to the chase, put in my potatoes on the crisper tray, set it on the small rack that came with the oven (is there a reason why the tray does not sit in a fixed position on its sister rack?), selected my quantity and hit start. The timer promptly displayed a cook time of 32 minutes. Wait, 32 minutes? I could drive to McDonald’s, order fries, sit in the parking lot and eat them, go back in and get another order of fries and take them home to serve with dinner and I’d still have 5 or 10 minutes before my slim fries were ready with the Samsung. We had a fry-less dinner, and slim fries (admittedly, delicious, crispy and light fries) for dessert.<br /><br />I don’t know a serious chef who doesn't work within given time constraints. It’s part of the task after all. (There are even television shows on which cook time determines the success or failure of the celebrity chefs competing on the shows.) So if you ask me, how, exactly, is a chef supposed to get the most out of this Samsung, I have to answer honestly, I have no clue. Not knowing the cook time up front is a serious handicap. I suppose if you used it enough for a wide range of foods under an extensive range of conditions, and kept notes along the way, you could develop an accurate chart of cook times that would allow you to get the most from this oven. But as it is, I think this is a nice microwave with a lot of great features that is hard to use for much of anything else. Samsung has some good ideas and a great microwave, but with the quirky implements, required-reading manual and the “we’ll let you know when it will be done when we’re ready to let you know?feature, it is impossible to rate this any higher than three stars.e even television shows on which cook time determines the success or failure of the celebrity chefs competing on the shows.) So if you ask me, how, exactly, is a chef supposed to get the most out of this Samsung, I have to answer honestly, I have no clue. Not knowing the cook time up front is a serious handicap. I suppose if you used it enough for a wide range of foods under an extensive range of conditions, and kept notes along the way, you could develop an accurate chart of cook times that would allow you to get the most from this oven. But as it is, I think this is a nice microwave with a lot of great features that is hard to use for much of anything else. Samsung has some good ideas and a great microwave, but with the quirky implements, required-reading manual and the “we’ll let you know when it will be done when we’re ready to let you know?feature, it is impossible to rate this any higher than three stars.
Great piece of cooking equipment. All as dedscribed.
Setting it up it is the only issue.  It is very specifically for counter-top use only and it has an EXTREMELY short cord.  The cord doesn't even reach to the far side of the microwave.  Expect to need an extension cord.  The unit is a tiny bit smaller than average, but not much.  It has a pull down door that doesn't lay flush when opened, which may be a problem for larger dishes, but I've yet to encounter an issue.  There is an internal light that turns on when the unit is operating and when the door is open.  It runs a lot quieter than any microwave I've ever seen, and does so in all four modes (microwave, convection oven, air fryer, and toaster oven/grill).  There is no timer, which I found odd, but I've been using the phone for that for so long, I barely notice.<br /><br />The settings make it super easy to use.  You can auto-reheat a dinner plate or a casserole with a single feature.  There is a convenient popcorn button.  I've heard stories of a friend without that feature trying to pop up a bag of microwave popcorn.  Six people.  One microwave.  No viable popcorn.  No such problem here.  One button and let it pop.<br /><br />There are also auto-cook features for pasta, beverage, chicken breast, frozen breakfast, and frozen dinner.  What? No frozen lunch?<br /><br />The air fry (or slim fry, however you want to call it) feature worked well for me, though I only tried homemade french fries.  It only works for this list of pre-programmed items:<br /><br />Frozen oven chips (aka french fries)<br />Frozen breaded prawns<br />Frozen chicken nuggets<br />Frozen potato croquettes<br />Frozen onion rings<br />Chicken wings<br />Homemade french fries (there is a recipe in the guide and it's good to read it first if you've never air fried these before)<br />Potato wedges<br />Drumsticks<br /><br />For using it as a toaster oven, or grill (it seems like they use the terms interchangeably) you put the thing you want to toast/grill on the high rack (included, as is the lower rack) and select grill.  For medium dark toast, I go three minutes on each side.  It comes it shockingly good, same as from any toaster.  I had low expectations for that one, but it worked really well.<br /><br />Overall, it does everything it says it does, and it does it very well.
This thing is awesome. It looks just like a TV which cracks me up. It's a bit smaller than most microwaves in terms of counter-space, but also a bit taller. It has no number pad for entering a specific cook time; instead you just hit the start button multiple times to add 30 seconds. It is powerful and simple. No complaints.
It's noisy. You can end up pushing it off the table before the door release works. I have to use two hands to open the door, one to hold it from moving while I push the door release with the other. The plastic printed button cover is already starting to show signs of ware after only a few weeks of use. The buttons are hard to locate the center of and actually operate. It doe's a great job on popcorn though.
Excellent product and service
First off, my family and I are very happy with the microwave portion of the Samsung Counter Top Convection Microwave.  It looks great in our kitchen and the stainless steel matches our major appliances.  The black ceramic interior is also a nice touch - looks great and should be easy to clean.  The turntable is a bit larger than that of the countertop microwave it replaced, and in operation the microwave is very quiet.  One downside of this particular unit is it isn't the most powerful microwave out there - rated for 1000 watts compared to other 1200 and 1250 watt microwaves in this price range.  However, it is sufficient for home cooking tasks.  Setting the power and time is easy.<br /><br />The other function we've tried is the convection oven.  We used it to cook some frozen hors d'oeuvres (fancy name for pigs in a blanket) using the included metal racks and ceramic crusty plate.  Even though we preheated the oven as directed, we found we had to cook our food far longer than expected based on the time listed on the package, so there was no real time savings over using our conventional oven.  In addition, the exterior of the unit becomes *very* hot when using this mode.  I suspect that we will not be using the convection mode very often, though it is a nice feature to have.<br /><br />As for the Slim Fry / grilling / combined cooking modes, I have not tried these yet and I'm not sure I will.  These modes *seem* to use both microwave and convection heating, but it isn't clear how much of each from the very short included manual.  It is also very unclear when the included metal racks and crisping plate should and should not be used.  (Even looking through reviews and questions here you can see that Samsung is giving very inconsistent information on this subject.)  In any event, I will take other reviewers word for it that Slim Fry is a mediocre substitute for actual frying.  As for grilling, the grill elements only reach the back third of the oven, and I'm not sure it is worth the inevitable mess created to try grilling in this oven.<br /><br />So overall I would give this Samsung four stars for microwave cooking, three stars for convection cooking, and two stars for the other functions.  Four stars overall since it does its main job very well.h the inevitable mess created to try grilling in this oven.    So overall I would give this Samsung four stars for microwave cooking, three stars for convection cooking, and two stars for the other functions.  Four stars overall since it does its main job very well.
good
This is a lovely oven, also a microwave; I have used this for a variety of purposes, as an adjunct to my regular oven and microwave.<br /><br />I would suggest this as an excellent choice for a counter top oven and microwave, but.... make sure that you have the counter space.  This is quite large, and the venting in the rear requires some space (I could not put it in a special shelf for the microwave I had, because of the venting).  For that reason, I would give this 4.5 stars, as it is not nimble, and is a counter hog.
It works fine but can get pretty hot.
Beautiful!!!!!
Microwave looked nice, but did not heat. It seemed like a fan was only blowing cold air. Amazon has great return policy, however, and it made the unfortunate buy easily reversed.
To address the leading question:<br /><br />Yes, metal racks. That work, during the use of the microwave function. And the universe does not condense into a singularity and explode. What else from my childhood has changed? Do you no longer have to turn the dial on a phone to make a call? Drop a dime in the slot to call someone from a payphone?<br /><br />Anyway: yes, there are metal racks for the microwave and the other function. Follow the instructions.<br /><br />Here's the skinny:<br /><br />This is more than just a microwave. You can see in the description all of the functions--and they all work pretty close to as they are described.<br /><br />That's the first real issue with the &#34;Smart Oven,&#34; as the box labels it: the descriptions on the webpage here? They're almost as complete as the instruction manual. There's a bit more, but overall I would have liked a bit more in terms of device ideas and how to utilize it. Especially with the concepts/cooking types involved. I think the Slim-Fry concept is great, but I'd like to understand how it's working better so that I can do more than chicken wings and fries.<br /><br />You will also note several comments on the lack of timer. It's true: no &#34;non-cooking timer.&#34;<br /><br />In exchange, though, you can actually generate a crispy crust on that microwave pizza.<br /><br />The drop-down door is nice, but keep it in mind as you handle placement. On a countertop, it drops down flush but this does require that the oven is a little taller than my previous microwave.<br /><br />Functionally, I'd like a better option when using the grill or Slim-Fry settings than letting the grease/food drippings to just drop down onto the turntable. Especially because that thing gets wicked hot (as is reasonable) so you have to wait a while to pull it and clean it.<br /><br />But the functions work well, so that's the main thing.<br /><br />In all...great oven. Not perfect, but I've never met a perfect microwave.
Not really a good product. Sometimes turns off itself.
Love the compact size. Hate the fact that the turntable keeps slipping off the base. You have to readjust it every single time you use it.
Works great
Before this microwave found its place on my counter this week, I hadn't known how much I would love it!  It heats food quickly, is easy to use (once you review the manual), and can serve the same functions a microwave and toaster oven do.<br /><br />What makes this microwave different...<br />+ It has many possibilities.<br />+ Pizza is crispy on the bottom (when reheated) even on the microwave setting!<br />+ It can be simple, or you can dive into all the stuff it can do!<br />+ The size is comparable to our old 1.1 cu ft microwave, yet it can do more.<br />+ The colors are awesome!  The stainless is only on the front (which makes for less to clean) and the gray top and sides are not stainless---so they will keep cleaner.<br />+ The dials and quick microwave settings are smart.  To reheat something for 30 seconds, just press the button on the bottom right (once for 30 seconds, twice for a minute, etc.).  Or, press the microwave button, turn the dial to the time you'd like (backwards or forwards) and then press the start button.<br />+ The clock setting is easy to set.<br />+ The convection oven works for settings up to 400 degrees.  Preheat the oven first, and then select the convection oven.  You'll need to read the directions in the manual first, but then it's easy to navigate from there on out.<br />+ The oven includes a crispy plate, two wire racks (that worked great on the convection setting), a glass plate and ring.  I baked some cheese onto the plate while using the convection setting and it cleaned up super easy.<br /><br />What may concern you...<br />-  The microwave does need to be on a sufficiently powered circuit (not on a power cord).  It does not have a long cord, so you need to be able to place it right in front of the outlet you are going to use or close to it.<br />-  Don't use plastic plates that are not microwave safe.  One review for this microwave was mistaken--they said you couldn't use plastic in it.  Not true.  You just have to use microwave safe materials.  There's a thorough and easy to reference list in the manual (which is located inside the microwave oven when you unpack it).<br />- The oven does have a heating element on the top because it is a convection oven, so you will want to make sure you have a microwave safe plastic cover that you can use when you are microwaving.  Otherwise, it's going to be a pain to clean it up.<br /><br />Other matters to address...<br />It's always interesting to read other people's reviews.  One reviewer didn't like the manual, because a cookbook wasn't included.  Honestly, I've gotten so many cookbooks over the years with appliances and I've never used them.  The manual for this oven seems small, but it is packed with all the essential information you'll need to use it--and more.  No recipes, but all the guidelines for cooking vegetables, reheating foods, etc.  I don't cook in my microwave oven normally.  I did bake spinach artichoke dip in this oven, though, on 375 degrees for 30 minutes and it came out perfectly!<br /><br />Another reviewer lamented the lack of a timer on this microwave oven.  That's not true actually.  If you use the microwave function, the time counts down normally.  If you use the convection setting, you have to select how long you want the oven to cook for and then it will turn off automatically when it is done.  If you find you need a few extra minutes, it's very easy to turn it right back on.  To use the convection oven, you do need to preheat the oven first, but that's not a problem.  One feature that was awesome was that when I took my dish out of the oven to stir it, the oven did not start cooking again until I pressed the start button (so the time didn't keep going either).  Most people I know use the timers on their ovens or use a stand alone timer that they can take with them into another room if needed or move to where they will hear it when it goes off.<br /><br />All in all, I'm very pleased with this microwave.  It covers the basics and beyond very well!  I don't expect it to do everything--grill, slimfry, microwave, convection.  But, the fact that it microwaves and bakes so well is enough for me!  Many appliances claim to do too much and we expect one appliance to do it all.  I prefer to do grilled cheese on the stove and frying on the stove, so I don't want to do them in this oven and risk having to clean up a mess.  I'm extremely happy with what I've used it for so far.ics and beyond very well!  I don't expect it to do everything--grill, slimfry, microwave, convection.  But, the fact that it microwaves and bakes so well is enough for me!  Many appliances claim to do too much and we expect one appliance to do it all.  I prefer to do grilled cheese on the stove and frying on the stove, so I don't want to do them in this oven and risk having to clean up a mess.  I'm extremely happy with what I've used it for so far.
No problems - as yet.
A good, small, functional, no-frills oven.
I have had this Microwave for about a month.  I'm still learning how to use all it's features.  I own two microwaves, and this is my secondary one.  It is very quiet when it is cooking.  The one negative I have noted so far, is that when an item is done cooking, it beeps three times, but if you don't open the door or hit stop, it will beep about once every minute.
We decided to put up a chimney exhaust in our new kitchen, so a bulky, over the range microwave was out. Plus, we never use it to &#34;cook&#34; from scratch. Why have such a giant wasting space? My dear, handy, wood worker husband built our new cabinets, so it was no problem to create a perfect space under the counter for a new smaller microwave. Love the drop down door. Plus the features are incredible: SlimFry, convection, and grill!! Note: The Samsung is not meant for under the counter, however we were able to provide plenty of air circulation, so it has not been a problem,
Love this little microwave.  We recently sold our home and have had to live temporarily in a small one bedroom with very little counter space.  I found this one and based on reviews, decided to buy it and I am not disappointed.  Works better than any microwave I have ever owned before!  Very pleased with my purchase!
I've had this microwave for a couple of months and I have no problems with it, it is working very well.
Great for the money
I love this microwave so much! Aesthetically, it's the coolest kitchen appliance I own. It's also pretty powerful. That said, it's kinda small inside and square plates, 16 oz coffee cups, and popcorn bags can pose difficulties (e.g., when the popcorn bag starts to fill up, the tray stops turning). I still wouldn't trade it in!
After several months of use I'm happy to report it's still running strong. It heats food evenly with cold areas and is large enough to fit just about everything I cook. The sleek design and color also look nice in my kitchen.
As described
LOVE IT.
This is a very versatile microwave. The basic functions of a microwave - heating, reheating, defrosting - all are performed excellently. But this unit does so much more - it comes with stacking parts that allow you to heat or reheat two plates simultaneously, which is extremely convenient. Best of all, it is a convection microwave, so you can pretty much do everything you would need with this microwave - bake a cake, broil, etc. You can cook fried items in a manner that limits oiliness. I like the pull down door, rather than the open out variety - that function saves space, actually. Decently sized - a little smaller than my previous microwave, but as much size as you could need. Stainless steel is great - matches the rest of my kitchen - and its a high-ended looking device. Very solid, well built, good value for money and does everything it promises.
Great Unit!! We use it in our Semi and it works wonderfully well. Great size and shape for a compact area. I would definately recommend this unit .
Easy install, no video or instructions required. If you can get out to see where it is, you can get to it and install it. Unit is running fine with no issues.
I love this microwave. Small is what I needed but, wow what great extra features and it is beautiful. I am beyond happy! Yes it is small but, that is what I needed and what I am used to. I can't get my largest dinner plate in but, I can get my smaller ones in. I love how the back is rounded. I had a Sharp Half Pint that finally died after 24 yrs. This has way more features than the Sharp. I have very little counter space so, thank goodness I found this. Yes, it is pricey but, well worth the money to me. UPDATE &#62;&#62;&#62;I  purchased it 12/20/14 and it died April 3rd/2015. Whirlpool has been  very nice and will be sending a replacement.
stopped working after 3 months.  total junk.
Since we only use a microwave to heat or reheat food, I decided to forgo all the bells and whistles when our last one stopped working. This one was the lowest priced one that met the color, size and wattage I wanted.<br />Pros: Heats food as expected.<br />Cons: Noisy<br />While the microwave works fine for it's intended purpose, it's extremely noisy compared to our previous microwaves and occasionally makes an odd rumbling sound which may be from it not sitting level since one leg is shorter than the others. I attempted to adjust the leg without success so tucked a piece of folded cardboard under it to keep the microwave somewhat level. Also at first the door was extremely difficult to push open, but that has gotten better with use.
This microwave OVERHEATS if popping more than two or three bags of popcorn!  Once it overheats, it automatically switches to the lowest power mode available, thus making it take forever to heat anything. You have to let it rest for 20 minutes or so to cool down.<br /><br />The microwave works well if you don't use it too much at once.  But for more intensive use, buy something more powerful!!
This item dod not work from the second i opened the nox
Really nice!
It works fine, but we hate the push to open button.  We end up pushing the whole microwave away....(you need to use your other hand to hold the microwave in place).
The Grill doesn't toast as well as a dedicated toaster oven, but the Microwave is fast and easy to use.  The fast preheat and the convection oven cook accurately and are perfect for smaller households.  I haven't used the air fry yet.
Super cute. Works great. Because it's compact, some bowls and plates fit a little snug and the rotating plate has no off. Otherwise, it's fantastic.
[[VIDEOID:567df035967d824cead7d2509901668b]] The unit went out after the initial warranty had expired. The unit was listed as having a 10 year warranty on the Magnetron. The Magnetron (the main engine of the microwave). I jumped thru hopes for weeks (including taking videos of the product shooting flaming sparks) with Samsung warranty service only to be told that they do not have a service agreement near Arkansas. Another week passed and I spoke with them one the phone and they we finally agreed on a partial refund and they sent me an email confirming the amount.<br /> I said fine and went and bought another microwave. They never sent the refund and I called a week later and they said that I had to provide them parts from the original microwave???.......easily done if they had told me this before.!!  They never said a word about it either on the phone or email.<br />This unit should last longer than it did. I feel stupid that I have bought a kitchen full of Samsung appliances. Now if/when these break I will have to deal with the same deceptive people and lack of support again.....Steer clear !!
god model
Fantastic product. Made microwave look brand new again.  Has a strong odor for the first day.  Dries quick and looks great.
Came with a huge dent in the side.
I love this microwave. I needed something that could go in my new kitchen island and I did not want to spend a fortune for something that had mediocre ratings. This microwave has had mixed reviews but it is working great for our household. I would say the only somewhat negative is that the door is slightly slow to open, compared to a regular microwave door that opens manually. Overall, I am very pleased with this purchase.
heats great, gets very hot ..
Nice size for an apartment :)
This is by far the best microwave I've ever owned, of any size or price, for two reasons: (1) form factor and (2) simplicity of controls. I use a microwave to heat leftovers, cook frozen meals, make popcorn, melt butter or cheese, thaw frozen meat, reheat cold coffee, freshen stale bread of make it into croutons, cook sausages and hot dogs etc. I use this microwave several times per day.  I think my microwave usage is pretty typical.  The only thing I don't do in the microwave is prepare entrees from scratch (like cooking a roast or casserole). I've cooked all sizes of frozen entrees with no issues. Note, my review refers to an earlier model of this machine, which seems identical to this one that has replaced it.<br /><br />(1) Form factor. Because the guts of the machine are under the cooking chamber, this has the smallest possible footprint.  And because of the rounded back, I have it tucked into a corner of the countertop. This means I lose only 1' of countertop, and furthermore it's an awkward part of the countertop I wouldn't use for prep work etc because my elbow would bang into the fridge. Every other microwave I've ever owned took up 2' of prime, useable countertop. This makes such a huge difference in the usability and appearance of the kitchen that I'd give it five stars for this reason alone.<br /><br />The interior size of this machine is bigger than you'd think because it's round and all the space is useable. The round turntable entirely fills the rounded shape of the interior. An advantage of this is that nothing falls off into the corners as it cooks. I've occasionally thawed something bigger then the turntable (the sides and front of the microwave are square so this is possible) and it wasn't a problem.<br /><br />(2) Controls. I love love love the simplicity of the controls. It does exactly everything I need it to do in a way that is completely intuitive and simple. I should mention I own an Emerson microwave in my office that I have never yet beenable to figure out how to operate (and I'm of at least normal intelligence). The hated Emerson has lots of buttons and I'm sure it does a lot of things I don't need, but none of that matters because I'm not willing to learn a complex and counterintuitive interface to cook a frozen lunch entree. This Whirlpool, however, is amazing.  It has Power, Defrost, Reheat and Popcorn buttons, as well as a Plus (+) and Minus (-) and a Start and a Stop. I accomplish everything with the Plus, Minus. Start and Stop, and occasionally Power.<br /><br />To operate, you can just press the Plus until you reach the time you want, then press Start. Bam. You can't get any easier than that. The time increments get larger as you increase time, and this is absolutely not a problem. It uses 5 second increments up to 2 minutes, then 15 second increments to 3 minutes, then 30 second increments up to six minutes, then one minute increments from there. This is fine; I've never had an issue where using 6 or 7 minutes instead of 6.5 minutes caused a meal to fail (my pot pies call for 6.5 minutes at 50% power, and they're fine at either 6 or 7.  When I make popcorn, I always listen to the popping and stop it when it slows. That's because popping times depend much more on the freshness and moisture content of the kernels than the power of the microwave; this is true of every microwave. Similarly, when I'm thawing something I pay attention to the progress of it because again, the fat content of the food and how hard it's frozen makes all the difference in timing. I suspect there are fancy convention microwaves with thermal probes that allow completely mindless use, but that kind of ultra high-end microwave isn't what I want or need.<br /><br />I've been using an earlier model of this microwave for three years with absolutely no problem. I can't speak to specific reliability of the model here, but mine is the same in layout of controls, form factor, etc, so I would not hesitate to buy this one. In factI'm very tempted to buy one of these for the office and get rid of that annoying Emerson once and for all.
Gift for sister - she's happy with it.
Works great no issues
I want to love this microwave combo oven... but the lack of instructions on how to use it is very frustrating. Thinking about trading it for the Cuisinart CMW-200 because it appears to have the same functions and comes with a booklet of detailed instructions.
It is small but works well. I liked it
I purchased this microwave in February, 2014. It was  perfect size but stopped working within three months.  After contact with Whirlpool via phone and email, I was told by the Whirlpool Product Review Board to dispose of it in accordance with law because there was no dealer where I lived to return it to.  I took it to my local metals' disposal site and provided proof of compliance to Whirlpool.  The Whirlpool Product Review Board then promised repeatedly over a three-month period that a check would be sent for the purchase price.  They apologized for the delay, at one time emailing to me that my Buy Back Check order was stuck in the system.  Then, after three months of promises, Whirlpool stopped all communication with me. More than two more months have passed since then and I still haven't received my Buy-Back check. I don't expect to get one.  Do not buy this product.  You can see from several of the reviews that you risk buying a lemon.  In my case, I lost $152.78 and spent many, many hours, time and money doing exactly what Whirlpool told me to do to collect on the warranty.  Whirlpool apparently does not honor it's warranties, at least not for this product.<br /><br />P.S. 10 days after this review was posted, Whirlpool issued a refund check.
A little loud, but is a great fit for our family of 7.
Perfect for apartments
Direct replacement in my RV for the original that lasted over 15 years.  I hope I get that same life out of this one.  All of the previous reviews were spot on, in the fact that the new one is very hard to get the two mounting bolts to start (took about 40 minutes) and the new models fan and motor are far louder than the old one was.  But the unit works great in all categories.
Very pleased.  We put the unit inside a cabinet with a sliding shelf.  One less thing exposed in the kitchen.
Door hard to open and microwave has shut off a couple of times and it's only 6 mos old! Waiting to see if this happens again!
The 3rd one in almost 15 yrs.  A good reliable model.
what can you say about a microwave ?? It does the job looks nice , I am happy with it and the big plus it was delivered right to my door . No hunting around , carrying it in and out of auto .
Seems to be good quality
Paint itself seems to work well -- depending upon WHERE you paint.  If your microwave is like mine, with a turntable, the (factory) paint wore off in the path of the little wheels that turn the glass table.  (NOTE: My oven is at least 10 years old.)  I read the paint can's directions thoroughly, scraping off all the old, loose paint and rust.  The paint says use it in a well-ventilated area; I suggest you wait for a nice, low-humidity day and use the paint outdoors.  (It smells quite bad.)  Make sure you allow the paint to dry thoroughly before bringing it indoors; I also waited 24 hours before re-installing the turntable and using the microwave.<br /><br />Results:  Within 2 months, the paint had been worn off by the turntable wheels, and I'm back where I started before painting.  So -- I guess if you're repainting someplace that will NOT get any wear, this paint will work fine.  Under turntable wheels, not so much.<br /><br />PREVENTION ADVICE:  Make sure your microwave oven is clean and DRY after each use.  Some foods, such as potatoes, generate a lot of steam/moisture in the oven -- which drained UNDER the turntable.  I didn't always notice the moisture, and that's what caused the rusting in the first place.
Replaced in Sharp Microwave; took about 30 minutes; now turntable works again.
awesome replacement. great quality with bells and whistles
Put in my older 2001 GE spacemaker microwave oven. Works perfect and same replacement number.
Love the size and design!  I have had it for over 6 months and still working well with no issues.
I am really upset. I just got a MC11H6033 1.1 cu.ft Counter Top Convection Microwave w/SLIM FRY as a gift. I contacted the chat support as I had a few questions, all of which were answered with, No, but only after I was basically told Yes to all three questions and then dared to question the Yes.<br /><br />I asked if there was a timer function, told yes, then told no after I asked the rep to tell me where it was located, and how to set and use it. Who makes a microwave in 2014 that doesn't have a timer?<br /><br />I asked if there was a more extensive food prep guide/recipe book available to use with the unit because the Microwave Oven Owner's Instructions & Cooking Guide literally only lists 1 food item per function. There's 1000s of foods that could be made using things like the Slim Fry function, but no way to know which of the 1-9 settings to use because there's only 9 food items listed in the Microwave Oven Owner's Instructions & Cooking Guide under the Slim Fry entry. There is apparently no app with this information available either. Neither is there a formula for figuring out how to Slim Fry additional foods other than those listed in the Microwave Oven Owner's Instructions & Cooking Guide. This problem persists throughout the Microwave Oven Owner's Instructions & Cooking Guide in that every function other than straight microwave or straight convection cooking does not give enough information to be able to choose the correct function and setting for foods other than those listed. I only found this information out after asking which setting to use to cook Pre-breaded Fried Okra. I was answered, You can use the slim fry option 2 for Pre-breaded frozen Fried Okra. I asked, How and where did you find that information? He replied, I have gathered the information from our internal database. I stated, I don't exactly have access to your internal database, now do I? So, no additional cooking info publicly available. I guess if I want to try to Slim Fry frozen cheese sticks, I'll need to contact Customer Service and ask which setting to use because apparently, in the world of frozen food, Pre-breaded frozen Fried Okra is equal to that of Frozen Prawns [shrimp], Breaded. That's the example food for Slim Fry option 2 as per the Microwave Oven Owner's Instructions & Cooking Guide.<br /><br />I asked if there were sheet pans, cookware, or bakeware available to be purchased from Samsung, or elsewhere, that were known to fit in the unit; specifically sheet pans. Standard size 1/4 (quarter) sheet pans won't fit because the 9.5 x 13 size is determined by the usable flat surface area and not the outside of the pan itself. No standard 9.5 x 13 sheet pan is 9.5 x 13 on the outside dimensions that I am aware of. SO, where would I get pans that fit? Apparently Customer Service, nor Parts, has a clue. Who makes the inside of an appliance, capable of being a convection oven, too small for standard size bakeware? Toaster ovens don't count - but they do at least have after-market sheet pans available out there that fit in them. If I'd wanted to make cookies on pans that small, I'd have expressed interest in a convection toaster oven to make 6 cookies at a time, not a convection microwave oven. It should also be noted the Microwave Oven Owner's Instructions & Cooking Guide makes a big deal out of you Choosing the Proper Cookware. This is covered from pg 22 to pg 25.<br /><br />I was told by Customer Service, initially, that what I was looking for was available, and to contact Parts about those last two questions. I did. I checked online and I called. The girl who answered actually hung up on me after I insisted that Customer Service had referred me and that indeed those parts should be available. After she ended our conversation abruptly, I brought the absence of those parts to the attention of the Customer Service rep I was chatting with.<br /><br />Other than the above, the straight microwave function and straight convection function work well. The drop-down oven style door is a really nice feature. The blue display lighting is pretty.<br /><br />How does a company make a product without giving the consumer, or providing to the consumer at an additional charge, adequate instruction or equipment to use their product? I just don't understand how someone puts out a product with 1000 uses and only reveals 20 of them. Obviously people like me don't test them out or question the developers or designers or engineers before putting a product on the market without adequate instruction or equipment to use their product.<br /><br />Obviously, my logic is lost on Samsung - or it's too complex a logic for someone who works there to have figured out. In any case, with a hefty $249 on sale to $399 full retail price tag; the MC11H6033 1.1 cu.ft Counter Top Convection Microwave with SLIM FRY is definitely not worth the money since you can't use it to it's full potential.<br /><br />Review Update:<br />So, as of Christmas Day, I still hadn't found a commercially available sheet pan that actually fit inside the unit. My mother gave me an old broiler pan that she had for a long gone oversized convection toaster oven.<br /><br />I was using just the convection oven feature on the unit for the first time (I'd only used the Slim Fry feature to that point) to cook a dish for Christmas dinner; all of a sudden it just stopped working. The unit head cut off and there was no display visible. I thought maybe I'd tripped the breaker. I unplugged the unit and checked; I had not tripped the breaker, but I turned it off and back on just to be sure. I plug the unit back in and nothing. I've been found something else to plug into that outlet so that I can make sure the outlet was in fact functioning correctly. It was. I then pulled out the owners manual and proceeded to the troubleshooting section. It recommended unplugging the unit for three seconds and plugging it back in. I unplugged it, and left it unplugged for a solid five minutes. I plugged it back in and still nothing.<br /><br />For a unit this expensive to conk out while using one of the features for the first time, definitely says nothing good about the unit. For the unit to conk out while making Christmas dinner; that was just a headache I didn't need that day. I would dub this a completely unreliable unit.<br /><br />I regret that I never did have the chance to try french fries using the Slim Fry option.
Love my little microwave oven!
Good solution for a tight kitchen. Slightly underpowered but works well.
Great range and matched my whirlpool stove perfectly.  There was a little dent on the side, but it was not visible once it was installed.  great<br />Buy and if needed in the future, I would purchase this item again.  Works fabulously and is very nice and easy to use.
After two brand-new microwaves which became prematurely aged, paint peeling, dysfunctional I decided this must be a game that I had not grokked. When we looked for a microwave we did not look on the basis of price, being believers, you get what you pay for. This machine, and it is a machine made by man work flawslessly, and has a baked enamel, one piece interior which looks like it will outlast all the microwaves in my future. I will watch and report..two months and counting...
this is a very nice microwave.. very easy to use with a great size to accommodate just about any item you need to prepare. Works fast and I would highly recommend it
It's a great microwave, easy to clean.
Small and simple to use. very well made.
Although the add listed the unit as &#34;used&#34; it was in fact brand new and I am thrilled to my socks!!!!! It is installed in our Motorhome and works like a charm! Thank you,thank you,Thank you!
I liked the microwave, but it was damaged when I received it so I sent it back.
We loved this microwave. It had the perfect features, aesthetics and price.<br /><br />Except it quit working. Three (3) separate times. We have had to take off work three (3) times to wait for service technicians only to have the unit fail again.  The issues began within the first five (5) months and have continued.<br /><br />The problem is that the unit will turn on, motor running, turntable turning, light on, but no heat is generated. Food comes out at same temperature it went in. It has been the same issue each time the unit stopped working properly.<br /><br />Most frustratingly, at my last call to Amana, I pointed out that they have spent more in repair costs ($400+) than the original cost of the unit. In the interests of everyone's time, it seemed reasonable to try replacing the unit.  I was told by Jason and Chris (supervisor) that Amana's policy was to repair not replace, so only option was A FOURTH service call to report the problem (per policy). I asked Chris whom I should direct concerns about this policy, and he said Customer Service.<br /><br />Less than helpful. I was fairly certain that I was already speaking with Customer Service. I never was provided with an eMail address, physical address or alternate phone number to express concerns about the policy. Bad business model.<br /><br />We are going to replace this unit with a Samsung, one of Consumer Reports highly rated machines. Yes, it cost a little more, but the Amana has become excessively expensive in time and frustration. Never again.
Sounds quietly after turning on for one second. It heats well too.
Microwave works well and there have been no problems.
Works very well. Happy with the purchase!
Perfect for what I needed! I love this microwave.
Exactly what we were looking for. It has been working great for several months now. It was perfect for our very limited space, a microwave box suspended below the cabinet and off the counter. It is quite a nice stainless steel look, complementing other appliances and black granite.
This is a great microwave!
This little microwave is almost perfect.  I'm having a kitchen remodel and didn't want to build in a microwave, which--let's face it--is mostly a giant water boiling machine.  I got this little one to use during my remodel and I plan to use it once my kitchen's remodeled, too.  The time goes up in increments of 30 seconds, 1 minute, 1:30, 2 minutes, etc.  I wondered if that would work for me, but it's just fine.  I also found out, however, that the power goes up in increments 25, 50, 75, 100. Sometimes, I use my microwave to &#34;soften&#34; butter and I need the lower power of 10.  If the microwave offered increments of 10, 20, 30, etc., it would be perfect.  Because it doesn't, I may have to take this one to work and get myself a different microwave for home.
Shipping was fast and the packing was supreme. Easy to install, we are doing a remodel and I had my points to use. So happy I used them on this microwave. My other appliance are whirlpool and it looks great with everything.
Perfect size for my small kitchen.  Very attractive.  Easy to operate and performs well.
Worked great.
This Sharp drawer microwave is amazing!  It has buttons to both open and close the drawer for you.  We love the easy &#34;top loading&#34; system.  Plus..........it looks great!  We highly recommend this item.
I thought I would wait to make sure everything was working correctly before I commented. The microwave is the perfect fit for my kitchen. It works exactly as expected and I was surprised a dinner plate fits too. It takes up a corner of my counter but it's very sharp looking.  I've had many compliments. I am a very satisfied customer.
It is a great microwave.  Had to replace the one that came with the house (same model) since my boyfriend burned the inside of it.  It is quick, quiet and I love all the features about it.  Easy to keep clean unless you date my boyfriend...then he will burn it one way or another so keep him out of the kitchen.
It perfect for a studio or smaller kitchen. It fits a standard 10.5 inch IKEA dinner plate just fine with space to spare, but anything much larger would probably not fit.<br /><br />Power wise its fine (it takes 2:30 to 3:00 minutes to bring a mug of water to boil) and heats up my leftovers just fine. Clean design and stable carousel that rotates 360 degrees as it cooks. One reviewer complained about an unstable carousel, but I think they forgot to install the circular runner that provides support on the periphery of the carousel glass plate. The runner is taped to the inside packaging with the owners manual.
I want to clarify that I did not buy this microwave from Amazon (we bought it during a sale at Home Depot)  I hope this review will serve to caution anyone who is interested in Whirlpool products to buy a different brand or at least buy an extended warranty. We owned the microwave for 1 year and 3 months before the magnetron went out (the manufacturers warranty was for 1 yr and opted NOT to buy the extended warranty).  I understand that modern appliances don't last forever and that some parts may break on a high usage item (handles, knobs, etc).  What I have problem with is when the part that makes it a microwave lasts only one year…on an item I paid approximately $275 for.  When I contacted Whirlpool, they offered to sell me an extended warranty and advised me of the charge for the part and labor to replace it.  Home Depot tried calling Whirlpool Customer Service on my behalf, but hit the same brick wall I did.  I am sure most moderately priced appliances have roughly the same &#34;shelf life&#34;, but I did expect a $275 product to last a bit longer than 15 month.  Either I bought a lemon or there is a conspiracy to get people to pay more for an extended warranty...
This turntable is exactly like the one that came with the microwave.  The original cracked because my son dropped it, so found this one on Amazon and it works fine.
Looks good, works well. Does the microwave thing. Venting is open at the top, though. Things can fall in. That's a strange design.
After 17 months there was a popping sound, and electrical smell and it died. We just warmed food up in it. No serious cooking. It is a great size and convenient. Is it worth the price for a year and a half of service? It lost the high setting about 6 months ago but we didn't care too much. You might want to pass on this model.
My wife bought this microwave locally.    Her story:  - - -  I was unpacking it and I reached inside to remove the shipping cardboard.  Then I see some cardboard on the side and I took my fingernail and lifted it, and tore it out. Then I see a bunch of holes and a hole at the top where the cardboard was. Uh-oh! What did I just do? It is as thin as the cardboard on a school notebook, the thin kind, but it is silver in the light.  It looks like cardboard when you open the door. But how can that be, that I could take my fingernail and rip it out? And this is supposed to last for how long?    I called Whirlpool customer service, and the rep said she will send me the part. Then her manager said they don't have any parts so there is nothing they can do because I broke it. What? I ripped it with my fingernails and you are telling me this would have lasted how long anyhow?    I politely asked to speak with the supervisor. That took 15 minutes and he was so arrogant. But mam, you broke it. IT LOOKED LIKE cardboard and I ripped it with my fingernail. There is nothing we can do for you.    I can't take it back because the local store said that Whirlpool won't take it back. I will run the microwave until it dies and NOT BUY ANOTHER THING FROM WHIRLPOOL. I will call the attorney general and make a complaint against them.    I will never buy this again, or any appliance from Kitchenaid, Whirlpool, or Maytag! (And we currently have a refrigerator and dishwasher from them.)  - - -    I wish we would have bought this through Amazon.  At least then we would have a better chance to return it.    We got this one because we are replacing a Samsung microwave oven which was fantastic.  I would say it was at least 15 years old.  It had the controls along the top which was a terrific approach to making a compact, usable microwave with a small horizontal footprint and large interior.  Samsung no longer makes a similar design.    The only microwave ovens we've been able to find with a numeric keypad on the top are commercial versions which run over $800.  We hoped this one would be acceptable, but it's not.  The controls on the bottom are even worse than the side from a usability point of view.  We find ourselves bending over to see the labels on the buttons.  We really miss the numeric keypad, also.  With your head higher than the microwave, it makes so much sense to present the controls closer to your eyes.    This was a big mistake.
I have had mine for over a year and it is perfect! No one even notices it and it is using corner space I would not otherwise use. If trying to heat large amounts or use it a defroster or substitute oven then this might be too small for you. However, if you use a microwave for reheating food, cooking small amounts, popping popcorn and heating water it truly is perfect!
I ordered the wrong size.  To return it cost as much as I paid when I ordered it.
What a great value!
Seemed to work fine in the house but didn't get along with my RV inverter.  Returned.  Bigger than most 700 watt units,<br />.  Handle sticks out quite a bit so not a &#34;space saver&#34;.
I feel like I made a big mistake buying this online, I would find a better brand and quality, then bigger one for even less buying it local. I paid over $100 shipping and it doesn't worth it, it's small and at the beginning it didn't heat. It's more or less now but not what I expected!
Not as powerful as I hoped....
No issues, I love the product!
installed it for PEB7226SFSS, and it looked great. The only problem was the screws came with it, for mounting to the bracket,  were too short. I went to HD purchased longer screws and screwed in perfectly.
part is same as picture
this is a unique microwave in style and performance.<br />it doesn't heat as high as most, but the size and shape is<br />what sold me.  it fits nicely into a corner of my counter.<br />i don't use a microwave for much other than reheating<br />things, so this for me is perfect.  it is a very basic microwave.<br />i really like that the light goes off after a bit if you leave the door open.
This microwave has a very elegant design.  The engineers were able to minimize its footprint by putting most of its electronics on the bottom instead of on the side.  I would prefer green LEDs instead of blue, but mostly I'm happy that it fits on our counter and under the cabinets without taking up much space.
I would never have bought this appliance if I had known the inlet cover (which seems like just a piece of cardboard) is just tacked on the inside of the microwave.  I've never seen that before.  It's not listed in the item description. I guess I didn't read enough of the product reviews.  While I do cover food in the microwave, it seems like it will get dirty and then damaged by things like butter from popcorn that will randomly leak out of the bag during popping.  Reviews for generic replacement inlet covers of this type say that they may catch fire due to food residue that is hard to clean off.
love it so far!
worked for 1/2 day.
The oven comes with my new Standard Pacific Home.<br />It performs OK and it is definitely not stainless steel. It's just plastic panel with stainless coated.<br />On the second week of use, the plastic film on the door control button has small bubble patches. We thought it just protective film but it is not. The bubbles kept surfacing and broke after another week of use. I called customer service and they told me it's just a cosmetic issues. They just document it and they are not going to repair or replace it. No more Whirlpool for me.
When our microwave died,  we decided to try to find one a little smaller.  Was slightly hesitant to buy this one as it is only 700 watts.  My old one was 1100.  But I really don't notice a lot of difference.  Have torun this one a little longer sometimes (30 seconds to 2 min longer)..  But this one disadvantage is more than made up for by the increased counter space that I have because this one is so much smaller. Kitchen timer works well.  Haven't used the defrost setting because the 700 watts is so much less than my old microwave that something frozen does not cook  right away so the defrost setting is unnecessary.  The clock works well and is easy to set.  Never used the clock on my old one as it was difficult to set.  Have not heard of this brand before, but I would certainly buy it again.
The small size and the unique design with the rounded back are what I love about this microwave. Unfortunately, the quality is just not great. The glass plate got a chip on it within the first week of using this. I've never had that happen to me ever before with any other microwave. The plastic layer over the buttons has bubbled up and looks really cheap. If these two things were fixed I would give this 5 stars because it's just a perfect size.
Excellent product. Saved our microwave!
Works greats.
a little noisy but works good.
The Microwave works Great. I really like the fact that it has a little smaller outside dementions than similar Microwaves of this Power Rating. ONE COMPLAINT. They Offer 2 extra months of Warrenty Coverage, if you register Online Immediately. I did and They didn't give them to me. Also, the Coverage starts on the day of purchase not day of receipt from UPS (AMAZON). The additional Warranty I purchased from Assurant Solitions DOES Start on the day of receipt & is CHEAPER than The Warrranty from DANBY. I wonder WHY?
Product has not default but the weight is way too much for the size of the microwave. Easy to use. Could the weight has something to do with the power of the engine? Only the technicians will be able to say something about it. But will definitely recommend it to whoever is looking for good but affordable microwave. Outstanding for the prize.
Creates a perfect custom look.
we have been using this microwave for a few weeks and so far are happy with our purchase. it was easy to install, looks nice, and is doing a fine job of heating up our food.  we have no concerns at this time.
yup.  works well for a small rental unit.
Very much enjoying this range! I used to have double wall ovens and a Jenn Air cooktop with grill/griddle. We've downsized but this oven gives me most of the benefits that I had with that setup.<br /><br />The small oven is perfect for 95% of the needs for my wife and I, but I do expect the large oven will get a work-out at Thanksgiving when we have at least 7 for dinner. The Power Boil is terrific, and the grill/griddle is very handy and easy to clean.<br /><br />I debated quite a bit between this and the PGB950SEFSS. The main differences:<br /><br />* This model has a porcelain top surface, the 950 is stainless<br />* The 950 has a double-ring, 19,000 BTU boil burner - this has a single-ring 17,000 BTU<br />* The 950 has dual broiler burners, this has one broiler<br />* The 950 has a ball-bearing roller rack (I believe just one of the three) where this has all standard slide racks<br />* $700 MSRP price difference<br /><br />To be honest I prefer the porcelain top surface of this oven aesthetically, but that's definitely a matter of opinion. The other features just didn't add up to $700 for me. I did use the broiler for a small frittata and that worked fine, but I can see how the double broiler could provide more even heat on a larger dish. The Power Boil is excellent on this, I don't see 10% higher BTU making a tremendous difference.<br /><br />I also considered these other five-burner double-oven ranges: Frigidaire FGGF304DLF, KitchenAid HGRS505XSS, LG LDG3036ST, and Whirlpool WGG7550BS.  All have their benefits and drawbacks but the GE has the largest ovens and I got a good price through Amazon.
I bought this to replace my decades year old GE microwave.  After reading all the reviews, this microwave convection was close to top with the added feature that it might actually work with the existing GE wall mount; it didn't.  Overall, this seems to be a nicely designed unit.  I am using convection cooking all the time now, or even starting with microwave and ending with convection to warm things I won't nuke.<br /><br />It seems to me that a proper review would be done a year from now, and not before the plaster has dried.
working well. good size and good price . I like this.
UGH... I wished I had NOT purchased this microwave... the ONLY good things about it is the rounded back to fit nicely in the corner of my counter, the 30-second quick-start button, and having the light stay on while cooking... it's the weakest wattage microwave I've ever had... having to relearn how to do simple things that take 1 1/2 times the amount of time to cook... I miss the traditional power level buttons and being able to key in 15 minutes instead of pressing the start button 30 times.... I do NOT recommend this at all.
Because I was stung by the fatal malfunction of the digital display on my 1 1/2 year old Samsung microwave, this time I opted for a semi-manual operating system.  It's a mixed blessing.  Hopefully, it will last longer, but it's cumbersome.  Want 10 seconds to melt butter?  Nope, 15 seconds only.  Want to use the timer?  You must press the button THREE times to activate it.  The convection cycle seems slow, but works. These are little things, and I'm hoping this microwave will carry me through at least 4-5 years of irritation.
Worked Perfectly!
Looks Good...Works Well
Just a little too small for me.
it lacks power but generally speaking it does the job
Delivered in 2 days, a day ahead than promised. Good product, many features and easy to use.
I so wanted this small microwave to work.  My plates fit, a small cup fits, but my normal coffee mug is too tall.  The inside is only 5.5 inches high from the rotating plate, not 6-3/4&#34; as the website describes.  So my 6&#34; coffee mug doesn't fit.  Returned.<br />If Whirlpool would make the same mike to hold 12&#34; plates and a 7&#34; mug, I would buy that.  A little more power would be nice too.
Works Great
I'm working on my second one of these. I returned the first one because I thought it was defective. It now turns out that they ALL are. If you set the time for more than a minute or two (I discovered this with a 4 minute cook time), at the end of the time, the clock cycles and then the micro starts running again for 30 MINUTES! After a week or so, I noticed that it was also starting up by itself even if it hadn't been used for a while. Major fire hazard! I had to start unplugging it between uses. Meanwhile, dealer would not take it back. I had to go through Whirlpool. They have non-existent customer service! They say they are going to call and never do. They say they are replacing it but it will be at least three weeks and then no one ever shows up. The dealer finally agreed to give me another one and deal with Whirlpool themselves. But now I find that the new one does the same thing: on longer cook times (e.g., 4.5 minutes), it starts up again for 30 minutes. I fear it will start turning itself on again. Has anyone had this same experience? Does anyone know of a fix? I'm being forced to replace it with some other model after only a few weeks because it scares me.
Came damaged, but did not see til after use. Hard to read, just not worth the money. Put in garage and went back to our $59 sams club microwave
DIFFICULT to install, even with two people, mostly the taking down of the old greasy unit. Came with a BROKEN FAN and hence no exhaust. Whirlpool sending a repairman after a week with no microwave. Will he bring the correct parts and be able to fix it?? Impossible to return as box is not a box but styrofoam and cardboard on top and bottom with shrink wrap holding it all together. If you want one of these get it at Best Buy and save $50.00.  It's now a month since we installed the unit and the fan has been replaced (part had to be ordered). Turns out we could use the microwave without the fan. All arranged thru Whirlpool with local repairman fixing it in place.
Easy to use.
great product
I received this as a housewarming present, it fit perfectly in the space i had in my kitchen.  It worked fine for several months no complaints, however a few times I discovered it would turn on by itself, it freaked me out but I'd unplug it and then plug it back in the next time I needed to use it.  After about a year the microwave started sparking inside the microwave from the side panel.  At first I thought there was some metal in the microwave, but there wasn't and it happened a few times since.  I was scarred to use it so I stopped and forgot to unplug it until it started turning on again by itself.  I thought the thing was haunted, it really creeper me out.  I eventually googled it and I now realize my mistake I should of returned it for repair earlier, this is a serious fire hazard.  I did not purchase this one from amazon but it is the exact same model number and color ( black and stainless steel).  If your microwave turns on by itself unplug and return or replace asap!!
Item had tarnished spots on it. Not what I expected for the price. Looks very cheap.
Product just isn't built to last, when buying these types of appliances best to get something you can unplug and replace.  This product and company just do not hold up...Equipment brand new 5/27/13, installed Aug/13 stopped working 15 months later.
Great microwave and very fancy, but it does get hot when you used it. I usually leave it open for a few minutes when I finished using it.
I bought this for my brother and he said it is great.  Great price point and it works really well.
Very pleased with my purchase.
Worked pretty well for a couple of years and then just made a popping noise and died. I guess I'll just buy cheaper ones from now on!
First off, I don't know why Amazon is so expensive on this unit. I just bought one today at a big box store at their regular price of $250. I bought the prior model to this one a little less than 4 yrs ago when I bought my new construction house and upgraded to stainless appliances. One day it worked fine, the next it would act like it was working, but the food wouldn't heat up. Microwaves are supposed to last approximately 9 yrs. I am not happy about having to spend another $250 after just barely 4 yrs. Shame on Whirlpool for making disposable appliances nowadays. I will say it is a nice looking microwave, but I agree with other reviews that the fan is useless. No suction at all if you place your hand under the filter. I also don't understand why most microwaves are rated at 1000 watts and every frozen dinner on the planet says it is tested with an 1100 watt unit. ???    On another note regarding Whirlpool in general I have the following to say. I bought all Whirlpool appliances when I bought my house and I will never spend another dime on Whirlpool again. The only reason I bought the Whirlpool microwave replacement is because my house is for sale and I don't want mismatched appliances. When the washer and dryer were delivered and installed the dryer had a noticeable knocking sound that the delivery guys blamed on flat drum rollers. The front load washer has a ridiculous time trying to balance a load during the spin cycle. The refrigerator has more sharp edges that I have cut myself on in the door compartments than you can shake a stick at. It also doesn't cool down a 12 pk of beer in any less than 12 hrs. I tried to cook a ham in the oven and followed the directions based on weight and temperature....cold ham! The dishwasher is ok but I hate the silverware basket. Not big enough for utensils with large handles. Whirlpool needs to wake up and build quality products that are functional and last. Never again. I will buy Bosch, LG, Samsung or spend the extra money onMiele next time.
Do not buy this ever. When door closes it automatically turns on and you are unable to start any kind of cooking options, very annoying. Only a 30 day return policy too.
Works great
The Danby 1100w Microwave oven has proven to be the right purchase for my apartment. The unit is fairly compact given it's power rating, and because I have limited counter space size does matter to me! In my opinion the Danby is an excellent product (and made in America!).
Very good
[[VIDEOID:moBYPRU8YOTEBW]]I bought this microwave recently. It seems to be noisy to me. Either i got defective one, or it is normal for such microwaves. Please listen the sound from the video. Comments are welcome. I will update the review if It can be fixed.
I bought this for an easy to use microwave for my elderly parents. They love it and use it way too much now.
Powerful for it's size, fits anywhere (especially above refrigerator).
Little and cute, and it does the job. I use microwaves mostly only for melting butter and chocolate, and for making popcorn. We had gotten rid of a big, old one, but my husband likes to have one for reheating food, so we succumbed. Opening the door with one hand is difficult or impossible, but the price and the size are right and thus, a good review.
Hard to beat for the price. Bought this for a temporary living situation and couldn't ask for more for the price. As an older person the only improvement would be larger buttons for the start/stop but that would add cost. Cooks fast and is an excellent choice.
I have extensive experience in refinishing metals; it is difficult to get paint to adhere to aluminum.<br />I power-sanded the entire interior down to bare metal.<br />Contrary to the LABEL claims, THIS PAINT DOES NOT ADHERE TO BARE METAL!!<br />Once dried, it scrapes off with your fingernail.<br />Q: The factory paint failed despite having been primed so how could this paint work with No Primer??<br />A: IT CAN'T!<br />If I were to repeat this process, I'd have first primed it with a high-temp, self-etching automotive primer.<br />Maybe then there'd be a prayer of success...<br />Bottom Line: Unless you're willing to go thru the tedious process of properly preparing AND PRIMING, DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY ON THIS PRODUCT.<br />PS:  (2) Cans are required to adequately refinish the entire interior
Great product for the money.
Great price easy to use
Great for Dorm rooms
This is a beautiful microwave that happens to match all our other appliances. I bought it to replace a Samsung that had burned out. It does an adequate job but the food, cooked for the same length of time is not as hot as with the Samsung. Each microwave had the same power but the Samsung was more powerful. I should add that it was also more expensive! The Whirlpool is a good buy!
Love this drawer microwave!  We have kids and it is so easy for them to make popcorn or warm up their milk.  Besides that I am 5'2&#34; and reaching traditional microwaves is always tough and impossible to clean without a stool.  Not with this one!  So great!
This is an excellent paint. Follow the steps when painting and be sure that you do this in a well ventilated space!
impressive for the price,works great. Quiet and powerful. opening the door is two handed sometimes but a good value.
Everything is good so far. The price was low and I didn't know the brand. But took a chance. I have had no problmns.
A very nice product! I especially like the night light.
Great!  seems to be holding up just fine.  I sanded and cleaned the area as directed and put on several coats, allowing the paint to dry in between coats. I finished it off with a light sanding using extra fine sand paper. The color is slightly off, but otherwise it looks and feels like new.  I also have plenty left should I need to touch.
We installed this microwave three months ago and it was working well until several days ago when we set the convection bake to heat at 375 degrees and after 15 minutes the device completely shutdown.  It has completely died.  I set up an evaluation and repair with GE (between 8 - 12 am) and by 11 30 am, they still hadn't showed up and I needed to leave for the office.  BTW, I had a similar experience when I scheduled a repair for my GE washer.  I will never by GE again!  After 3 months, to have problems with a brand new appliance is unacceptable.
great space-saving option if kitchen area is tight.  plenty of power to get small jobs done.  we use it at a small cabin and it really saves a lot space in our small kitchen.
Door doesn't open when you hit the button, you have to hold the button in with one hand and then pull the door open with a 2nd hand.  Buttons are cheapy, just a cardboard panel (comes with a 2nd cardboard panel in French to swap out).  Seems like it heats OK, but the door is a deal breaker.  I'm returning it (I've never returned anything from Amazon, but I hate it that much).
Works great and saves space in our tiny kitchen.  It's small though - cannot fit anything larger than a dinner plate or taller than a large coffee mug.
Did the job and has held up even after a year of use; it has extended the life on the microwave.
Exactly what I needed to repair my microwave at about a 1/4 of the price that most appliance parts retailers wanted.
SO DISAPPOINTED!! Bought this July 2013 and our kitchen was not ready yet, so we didn't put it in until a few months ago and it worked fine- we probably used it only couple dozen times and my husband went to warm up our daughters food Wednesday and NOTHING! Completely &#34;dead&#34;! Will not turn on, no buttons works, etc.<br /><br />This is extremely disappointing and our warranty was up July 2014!!<br /><br />This is why you do not spend $800 on a microwave and I will NEVER purchase a SHARP product ever again!!!!!!<br /><br />Totally sad and disappointed.
It  works very  well. It's easy to use. It' runs quieter then our old one.  And  it heats and reheats everything we want. The only thing I notice is it's very  light weight. It tips easily, if you lean on it.
We purchases this microwave in April 2014, loved the drawer/cupboard installation.  July 2, 2014 we woke up to a very bad burning odor from the microwave, it was nit in use.  We contacted Sharp and they scheduled a service company to have a look at it.  It will be 5 weeks this Sat. & we still do not have a microwave.  We have been informed now by Sharp after two service calls that our microwave need to be picked up and taken off site to be tested.<br />I would never purchase this microwave again and wished I had read the reviews prior to purchasing it.  The burning odor is obviously a problem now that I read the reviews.
I have a small kitchen. This fit perfectly in a corner on the counter. It looks super cute and I have received several compliments.
It did not work upon arrival
It's small, and fits perfectly in a corner. Microwaves things.
For the price it a nice unit, easy to use etc. Only negative is the door  latch button is hard to push/open
I love my unit.  Have had it for years.  Very easy to operate.  Could have not purchased regular oven.  This one does it all.  Would highly recommend.
I just got it today, Works great, Just the right size, Just the right price<br /><br />You could not get a better one for this price.
Not very big, fit into my small kitchen just fine.
as described
This little sucker has been heating up our food reliably for going on a year. It fit into a cabinet space that no other microwave could fit into. Yeah, it's a little underpowered, but you get used to that.<br /><br />It fits a whole plate, which is nice, but sometimes if you have a larger item it will catch against the wall and not rotate. Full-size popcorn bags have this problem for example.<br /><br />But overall, great option if you need a microwave to fit into a very small space.
When I broke the plate in my microwave I didn't know what to do.<br /> This was perfect and solved a huge problem.
This is a good turntable place fo rmy microwave perfect fit.
This small microwave has worked well for my small kitchen. Pretty basic features, but has worked fine.
good
Never worked well, intermittently stops working - then starts again.  I would have returned this in the first WEEK, but once this monster is hung on the wall, and it's made its first bag of popcorn, who keeps the shipping box??  It finally died after the fan would not turn off, now it's completely inert.  The only bright side is it will fit in my community's GARBAGE CANS.  This unit has been a frustration since installation.
I received the Microwave but it is not working at all. Then I need to return it, just wasting my time.
We purchased and installed this over the range microwave as a replacement for a 25 year old one.  This is Sharp is just perfect.  We required one with the recirculating feature because we have no way to vent it, and this type is not easy to find.
Love this. Microwave is not on the counter or looming over the stove. I've had it a year now,  no complaints. Smooth opening and closing, nothing spills.
I just received this.  I was looking for the most compact microwave with the best reviews and this was it.  So far, I tried boiling a cup of water and fixed a baked potato.  It works just great.  Yes, I would recommend this.
Gets the job done and it was a great price!
As advertised, compact, works great. Figuring out how to warm without presets is kind of complicated. Not impossible however.
It fits nicely into the corner of the counter...doesn't take up as much counter space. But... it does not cook as fast as a large microwave but for popcorn and heating coffee it does just fine!
Family is so busy with working and kids. When old microwave died right after moving and expecting a baby, money was very tight. My mom saw our needs and purchased this microwave as a surprise . This little thing is just right for our smaller kitchen..it reheat foods fast and works great . Family is very pleased.
The person who designed this should have won a prize! Makes the most of a small corner space and is more efficient; about 20% more efficient. Great purchase!
great for work
Some of the previous reviewers/buyers were somewhat negative about various aspects of this item.  I personally have used it now for several weeks and can only recommend it to an older less complicated user who doesn't need or want all of the bells and whistles that younger folks seem to find lacking in this product.  Not my take on it and it performs well for me and I use it sometimes several times each day for meals, beverages, snacks etc.  Great value for the money!
I love this little microwave. It fits on my countertop easily and does not take up a lot of space. It is large enough to heat everything I use a microwave for.  The controls are intuitive and easy to use. The high setting is only 700 watts which is less than the 1100 watts I was used to so cooking tends to take a bit longer.  The only minor annoyance I have after several days of use is that I have to remove the turntable to fit my coffee cup in the oven.  My cup measures 6&#34; tall and is just a tad too tall to fit with the turntable in. However, I found if I remove the turntable and set the cup on the spindle that turns, it fits perfectly.
27 trim kit isn't 27 inches. It's 26 and 1/2 so there was a 1/4 gap on both sides  Would look nice if it fit
This exact microwave model was custom installed by our home builder using a trim kit. The manufacturing date on the unit was August 2012.  We moved in the house and began using the microwave in April 2013. The operation and capabilities were more than satisfactory.  I purchased a 4 year warranty extension in April 2013 through Whirlpool but is actually backed by Assurant Service Protection, Inc.<br /><br /> In July 2014, the microwave ceased to heat. I contacted the service department at Assurant who connected me with a local appliance repair business.  The appliance repair technician advised that this microwave unit is not serviceable.  So I went back to Assurant, who after several calls, offered approximately 75% of the cost of a new microwave as outlined in their service contract. If it had been within the first year of ownership, a new microwave would have been provided to me.<br /><br />The four year service contract cost $129.  The offer was for $178.  If I had it do again, I would have purchased a one year warranty extension for $30 instead of the four year warranty extension.<br /><br />I am going to replace the failed microwave with the same model so I can retain the custom trim and cabinetry in the kitchen.  I will purchase a 1 year extension so that I can repeat the replacement if necessary in a couple of years.  (I also ordered some parts for $30 through Amazon and will try, as an experiment, to repair the failed microwave.)
I love love love it! I got rid of my previous huge 'shrine to the microwave' cabinet, set this cute little one in the corner where it occupies counter space that's unusuable anyway and gained several valuable square feet of cabinet storage on my wall. It does everything it needs to perfectly. No keypad? No problem. It's small but who roasts a turkey in the microwave? It will still hold four ears of corn, a large round casserole dish, and plenty tall enough to do just about anything you want. I'm sure I'm saving energy too by not using my huge microwave to warm a half cup of coffee! Get one!
Worked so much better than I expected.  Two light coats and it looked like new.
Fast shipment, decent product.  Doesn't cook evenly.
Very well made with stainless interior. Cooks well but has few bells and whistles, which is fine. Four stars because visibility while cooking is not what I'm used to.  Still a good deal for the price
Did not work so I returned it
This microwave works well on a counter top.  My previous Microwave had a analog timer so I'm obviously not too picky about microwaves.  It should get the job done on most foods.  The quality is a bit iffy though because the first one I received from Amazon was half &#34;caved in,&#34; literally!  It's really lightweight and simple in design.  A good inexpensive option for regular everyday heating.
This is just adorable; not quite the power of my old AND HUGE microwave oven.  This one is SLEEK and SMALL and very high-tech looking.  It tucks in under my kitchen countertop and in a corner, out of the way.  I have to nuke things a bit longer with this one, but that's okay.
Wonderful product. My first time using anything like this for microwave repair of burned areas. I was not sure if it would work, but to my surprise it exceeded my expections. I highly reccomend this product.
Still learning how to use it.
The template was completely wrong on where to put the screw holes on top, resulting in too many holes being drilled into the shelf above.  Other than that, this was a solid purchase.
Great item, good price...great quality.
The button to open the microwave door is too tight. You need both hands to open the door. If I'm not too lazy, I would return it.
This stuff adheres well, dries quickly and leaves a washable surface.  I used it to replace bubbling paint on a microwave with a painted mild steel lined cavity.
Cheap quality.<br />But you always get what you pay for :(
Love this product works fine
Love the form factor, but a bit difficult to read display
This microwave cavity paint has worked out great so far!  We have a GE in-cabinet microwave/oven combo unit so when the paint began to peel off the top of the microwave I was really worried because to replace this unit it is over $1000 due to it being a specialty item.  So I sanded down the top of the microwave really well.  Be sure to get ALL loose paint off - should be totally smooth.  Then when the paint arrived I shook it up real well and applied a coat to the top of the microwave.  It was actually a pretty good sized area I needed to cover.  After letting that coat dry for a couple hours I added a second coat and after a couple more hours I added a third coat.  I want to make sure it was coated good.  So far we have used it for a few weeks and it still looks great.  I showed it to my son and he said the inside looked brand new now!  I let it dry for 36 hours before use as the can didn't have any recommendations or directions for how long to let dry before use.  The smell is overwhelming and I would suggest using eye protection if you must use it inside as the fumes come out toward your face.  I would take a counter top unit outside to treat.  I didn't have that option so I had to just do it.
I love this new little microwave- I had no room in my small kitchen, but I hardly know it's there, it takes up so little space. The only thing I don't like is, there are 2 removable separate plastic parts under the glass plate turn table- more parts to worry about should they ever get lost. The plate rests on one of the plastic parts (the turner with wheels) which makes the plate about 1 and a half inches higher than the bottom- which makes smaller space to fit tall items. There is no grove in the floor bottom in which the plate would normally sit.<br />The whole unit is easy to clean- ALL, including the inside, is flat and smooth- no dials or protrusions. It has only a 30 second button, so must press the button 8 times to get 4 minutes- which perfectly heats a cup of coffee. The only easy cook button is for popcorn which only gives you 2 and a half minutes- I don't know why the manufacturer would choose &#34;popcorn&#34; when coffee/tea is used much more often. This small microwave fits my big dinner plates easily. I am very happy with this product- so easy to use and clean.
on time and as described
This is a truly compact microwave.  I wanted something with a small footprint but functions well.  This oven has fit the bill.  It sits in a corner on my counter.  As some have mentioned you can't program the time you want but have to hit the controls to add 5 seconds or 30 seconds.  This aspect is not ideal but also not big large problem.  I am very satisfied with this purchase
Same as it was described, best part, I did not have to go anywhere, it came to my house right  on rime
The quality and deliverry where very good but I returned it unused as it weighed too much and the rounded corners in the rear didnt fit my application. Its a nice unit but didnt work for me.
It's OK but not perfect.  The 'buttons' are hard to see in dim light and offer zero tactile feedback.  It's way to easy to hit the 30 second button more than one time if you're not careful.  I stuck some small felt adhesive pads over the buttons I use frequently. That helped quite a bit. You can find them in low light and when you press it you know it.
Love it.
Got it detected right from the box... The lights work, control panel etc, but it doesn't produce any heat! 5 minutes and nothing... Really sad about the quality. Amazon send me a broken device.
Excellent!  Easy install. Microwave works like new.
Even though it's a GE magnetron, it solved my Frigidaire model PLMV168CC1 over- the-range microwave no-heating problem. Saved us of having to buy a new microwave. Happy outcome!!!
Perfect for a small family home, dorm or guest house.  Although the controls are not conventional they are excellent once you understand them.  The bottom slides too easily on counter tops every time you pull open the door; easily corrected by adding a pad or rubber feet.  Available at a big box store with blue logo for twenty bucks less.
Look around at microwaves and you will typically see they are all the same rectangular shape. If you live in a small apartment, counter space is typically premium real estate and a microwave eats up quite a bit of that space. That was the case in our place. We had our old microwave on top of the refrigerator because we couldn't sacrifice what little counter space we had. That had its own problems because neither one of us is tall so reaching up with a spatula to remove a microwave dish had a few drop events. Not fun.<br /><br />Our old one recently conked out so off I went in search of a small unit. I saw this one and had a Eureka moment. Since it is only about 14 inches wide, I thought it would fit in the corner next to the coffee maker and once set up, it's great. It does take up space but there is now room for the essentials on the counter since this tucks nicely into the corner.<br /><br />The only issue that we had with this unit is that we have the old school laminated counter top in beige in our kitchen and sliding this into the corner resulted in black lines being drawn on the formica from the feet of the microwave. A magic eraser got rid of that.<br /><br />The other minor thing is that when on the laminate counter, the microwave slides when you try to open the door. They should have built this with non-slip feet. I cut a couple of squares of that non-slip grip stuff that's sold just about everywhere and that solved the problem.<br /><br />The inside of this unit is very small. Keep that in mind. It is a tall unit, but the cooking space is not conducive to a tall item. You can put a 4 inch call mug in there with no problem. I would not go above 5 inches in height for any item put in here. 5 1/2&#34; would leave only a very thin space at the top and I don't know how that would work out.<br /><br />These small things are well worth it to regain precious counter space.
poorly built
Works great
I was a little worried about the quality of this trim kit after reading previous reviews.  But the thing is beautiful!  My husband had to do some work to fit the thing in our space.  The results were wonderful.  And now I have a built-in microwave in stainless steel to match my other newer appliances.  The look is very nice.
Cute little m/w. Have been working good so far. No issues. Good enough for a couple to warm up/heat things in small quantity. Takes a little more time (quite natural as its just 700 watts) but reasonable enough. Overall, a nice buy.<br /><br />Pros: Easy to operate. Many quick options, Cute little and looks sturdy, a big space saver if you have small kitchen space.<br />Cons: None so far.<br /><br />Overall, a no non-sense simple m/w for day to day use. Serves the purpose.....
I purchased this item brand new. I used it only a few times in a period on less than 2 months. It failed in less than 30 minutes of use. Amazon's return policy doesn't cover this item, and nobody keeps the product box so the manufacturer warranty may be worthless (more in shipping than product is worth). Do not buy this item.
Very roomy compared with my last one. Its very quiet and heats well. So far so good.
I bought this for my truck to use off of an inverter but it was so attractive and functional that the wife made off with it. Overruled. It does look nice in the kitchen. Fits great in the corner and looks good there.
effiient spacious easy quiet fast doe what it supposed to do I purchased this for my office and am more than glad i did
This is a perfect kitchen microwave. I am thrilled with it. Great price for the value you get. Must say I am very satisfied.
I was looking for a very &#34; small&#34; microwave for my rv. This one is perfect and looks very nice
This item is for students in a dorm room, not big enough for a 8' inch plate. It does not take up to much space and it is over price.
..turntable fits an average size tv dinner, barely.  It arrived in an Amazon outer box, with just a couple wads of paper. Thank goodness the regular packaging was done proper (tightly packed box from manufacturer). The Amazon box was tore up. No markings to say  &#34;fragile.&#34; Luckily it worked. It appears to function just the way it should, no issues. Clean design, easy to read display. I would have gave it 5 stars, but a pass down the microwave aisle at the local Walfart saw similar or even better values for price and size.... although just a few dollars on price.
I bought this micro to go on my boat because of its compact size and can fit into a corner.  Even rebuilt my cabinet on the boat to accomodate it. Now I have found out it will not operate on an inverter
I received this microwave and it didn't work! I plugged it in and tried several outlets, but the clock didn't light up and it didn't respond to me pushing any of the buttons. It was really easy to get a new one from amazon and they shipped it very quickly. So far, the second one has been great and exactly what i wanted. However, I had to return the first one that didn't work and the shipping methods were extremely inconvenient. Ups will only pick it up from my house during the day when I'm at work. I had to take it to the post office, but i don't have a car so i had to carry it and walk several blocks. In addition, the max shipping reimbursement wasn't enough, so i'm out another $5 for their mistake.
I got this for my new 1/1 apartment in the city.  I'm so in love with it.....<br />*Easy set up<br />*Perfect for small spaces<br />*Works amazing<br />*My coffee/food gets super hot<br />*Price is affordable better then the high priced ones<br />* Stainless look, classic (easy clean up)<br />I honestly don't have anything negative to say about it.
I purchased this to repair my microwave and to save big bucks on a new one, it's been a while since I purchased it and it is still turning steady and strong great product
Super simple to use (no bells and whistles) and tiny, tiny footprint.  Works in my small kitchen, so I'm happy with the purchase.
i LOVE this microwave, it is cool, works great, and frees up the counter. it fit seamlessly into the required hole listed in the specs, and if you want a range hood and not a microwave over the stove, this is the only way to go
For the price you pay, you get what you pay for. It does the job, its a little on the small side, but that is what it is! Happy with what I got, till I can afford a bigger one.
Never realized how small 0.7 cu ft was going to be, but now I do! Ah well, it works like it should, just don't expect to put a huge plate on their.  Quick touch buttons are the best. anywhere from 30 seconds to minutes with one touch
We purchased this microwave about two years ago. The microwave cooks well but often makes microwave safe dishes too hot to remove from the oven without an oven mitt. We have never had that problem with other microwaves. The alarm settings can't be changed and we found it annoying to hear the microwave beep five times every time it was finished. Unfortunately, it has already died a painful death and must be replaced. We wish we had better researched microwaves before purchasing this microwave.
Please see above..am pleased with my choice, good value and works well so far.  Timer seems to work well..Good booklet with directions.
awesome product and delivery. microwave looks spanking new now. you cant find this product in stores lord only knows i hope i wont be diagnosed cancer in a couple of years as.  result.
We really enjoyed using this microwave while it lasted; however, after 2 1/2 years of use it just stopped working one day. We chose this drawer-type microwave because we wanted to &#34;hide&#34; our microwave in our island for aesthetic purposes, and for this reason, were willing to pay more for it.  If I could do it again, I would definitely have splurged for one of the more expensive drawer microwaves that are available from manufacturers other than Sharp.  Yes, Sharp makes the cheapest version of this type of microwave, but we learned the hard way that you get what you pay for.
works fines initially then as the title says I literally got a puff of black smoke and it was dead.
Prep surface carefully.  Be sure to leave no residue on surface to be painted.  Use multiple thin coats.  Allow sufficient time between coats for it to dry.  The color matches my microwave very well.
This product came super fast. And exactly as described. The only down side is that it doesn't get as hot as it should. I do live in Korea and have to use a converter box, so that might be what's effecting it. Other than that it is perfect!
It works well. Does everything I bought it for. Easy to set  and operate. Does take a while to warm up for baking, but operating on 110v it is to be expected
Very easy install to replace our 2001 version of this unit. Able to retain the old mounting plate, plus all hanging screws, rear vent, and power cord lined up perfectly. A 10-minute change out of the old unit and install this unit. Some features updated/improved over the past thirteen years. Only obvious design flaw is the faint grey almost-invisible text on every control panel button, especially the Start/Pause and Cook Time buttons. In its infinite wisdom, GE placed these two major buttons directly below the huge control panel knob, so they're always in shadow because no overhead light shines on them. Would have made more sense to print the text in bright-white like GE did on our Profile slide-in range, or maybe even back-light the buttons. The old unit had a design flaw where the door's handle lower fastener broke off all the time requiring a service call and part replacement. This one has a stronger handle, but the buttons are very hard to see. If we had it to do over again, we'd choose a different model/brand.
We purchased the MW in Janurary, our contractor installed it the last week of April, it died two days later and Sharp service took three weeks/ two service calls only to have it go out ten minutes after they left. Amazon assures me that it will be resolved but not the seller. They want to repeatly waste our time and call service, have us wait then what? DON'T BUY THIS MICROWAVE.
Perfectly fit in my kitchen, and power is OK. it has everything I need for a basic microwave. I've been using it for several days, haven't found any problem yet.
Cooling fan vents out of the front of unit.  Only vent fan opens exhaust louver.  Vent fan is manual only unlike implied in user guide.  If manual vent not operated in conjunction with any cooking then possibility exists of damaging cabinets.  Strongly recommend getting a normal exhaust / vent fan and a countertop microwave.
I *hope* I sent in my warranty card!  I am calling the company today to request a refund.  I have not liked this microwave at all, and now it suddenly died.  I definitely want my money back.<br /><br />Edited:<br />I called the company and they told me to call Amazon.  I called Amazon and they issued a full refund.<br /><br />I do not recommend this microwave.  It is so flimsy that I had to hold it still with one hand in order to push buttons with the other.  Otherwise, it would slide across the counter.
This may be more expensive than other microwaves, but trust me when I say it is totally worth it for the design and counter savings.
Great product, have owned 4 Sharp Carousel microwaves over the past 30 years or so and they always stand out over other microwaves I have used at friends and families homes. The ease of use and guaranteed result is worth it every time. The microwave is stylish and easy to clean, the design has changed little in the 3 decades because it works and does not need changed. The size as well is perfect for cooking anything microwavable. Having 1200 watts is a huge plus when cooking things like baked potatoes and frozen stuff that on a lesser powered microwave would take longer then posted times, but this oven will do the job in less time more often than not!  It is a stylish powerhouse!
I recommend this product because it works. Rarely do you find a product that works as well as it says. Read the instructions carefully and it will do the job.
Microwave performs as expected and was a good value. Only complaint is with the alarm that sounds when the timer is complete. 5beeps is a bit much and the alarm does not stop even if you open the door until those 5 beeps are complete. Small issue but annoying all the same.
its a microwave and it works like a microwave. Nothing fancy has the quick start buttons. Was the cheapest 1000w one I found and I have no complaints.
This is the worst microwave I have ever owned.  It takes twice as long to heat food.  We also have owned it for only a few months and the key pad broke.
Works as advertised.  Much cheaper than a service call or a completely new microwave.  Just be sure you know how to confirm the problem so you know which part has failed (search youtube).  An oven that won't heat is often, but not always, a failed magnetron.
LOVE IT!!!!!  I AM HAPPY WITH MY  PURCHASE<br /> AND LOOK FORWARD TO MY NEXT DEAL.<br />KEEP THE DEALS CINUBG.  LOL
Arrived in two days instead of the week as reported, this was a great plus. It fit into the same spot as old Sharp, another plus. The mounting brackets were in a different location & constructed less sturdy than the old ones. The medal was cheaply made & much thinner. Overall I am happy with purchase.
This is the perfect microwave for my household. It is basically used for heating water and food. Couldn't ask for anything better.
I hit the start button and sparks flew and dead microwave.  I think this model could be a fire hazard.  Called Sharp, even though the microwave was under warranty when the problems started... they were of no help.  They send a repair service who promptly told me there was a $75 &#34;show-up fee&#34; and repairs would be an additional charge.  Very disappointed in Sharp and will definitely not consider  another of their products.
So, I needed a basic microwave, nothing fancy. Let's face it, no kitchen can function can live with out one. Don't know how the settlers survived lol. Anyway, it arrived in about a week in perfect condition. And far exceeded my expectations. It looks just like the pic and even displays the time, and has a timer. It cooks very well also. Over all yes, buy it, you won't be disappointed.
AFTER I MADE EXTENSIVE PREPARATIONS TO PAINT THE CAVITY OF THE MICROWAVE I NOTICED THE NOZZLE HAD A CRACK IN IT THAT I COULD NOT SEE UNTIL I HAD APPLIED THE PAINT. THIS LED TO DRIPPING AND STREAKS IN THE PAINTING PROCESS. IT MADE A TERRIBLE MESS AND THE RESULT WAS NOT NEARLY AS GOOD AS I WOULD OF HOPED . TRIED TO FIND ANOTHER CAN THAT I COULD USE TO REPLACE THE DAMAGED NOZZLE BUT WITH NO RESULTS. MY SUGGESTION IS SPRAY SOMETHING TO TEST HOW WELL THE NOZZLE WORKS BEFORE USING ON ACTUAL APPLIANCE.
This microwave is perfect for a compact kitchen. I have more counter space that is now useable than I had before. It's small foot print is a blessing. It is large enough to accommodate my needs. The interior is spacious enough to reheat dinners or a slice of pizza. I like making popcorn in it. Would recommend this to anyone who has a small kitchen and is need of a unit with a smaller foot print.
Magnetron came quickly but the diode was not in the package as advertised. I do not want to install the Magnetron without a new diode.
Small package, but large inside. It will fit a full size plate. Perfect counter microwave. Takes up very little space in the corner. We love it. We have had many comments on how cool it looks from friends.
I was looking for a more compact microwave because I don't have a lot of counterspace.  This works pretty good for that.  The only thing I didn't like is that the cord is on the back right side instead of in the back middle.  So I was unable to put the microwave in the spot I wanted because it wouldn't reach the outlet.
Nice small size for an out of the way spot on kitchenh shelve under counter.  In opening and closing take great care as it easily l tips forward.
I was torn between giving three and four stars.  I bought this based on great reviews.  While it's a basic unit, which is what I wanted, it seems to be lacking in a couple of areas.  First, I didn't realize there were still microwaves that did not have instant-on for one minute when you press 1, two minutes for 2, and so on.  This doesn't do that.  Also, I knew it was big, but didn't realize it was going to be 2 inches taller and deeper than my old unit.  It's almost to the point of looking too big for the space.  Yes, i could have measured since the dimensions are listed.  My old oven had two lights underneath for lighting the range top.  This has one small bulb, and seems a little inadequate.  As others have said, I'm not sure if I'm sold on the upward facing vent.  It makes the front look clean, but seems like a funnel for things to fall into it.  The LED readout is big and blue, and while it's not unattractive, blue lights are blurry to me, so it's harder to read than my old green readout.<br /><br />On the plus side, this is a nice big, powerful microwave, that looks nice in the space.  It's got some nice touches, like a 30-minute fan-off timer.  Since I wanted a basic unit at a good price, which this is, I went ahead and gave it four stars.
This is pretty roomie, has plenty of power and fits just about anywhere.  It looks like a TV though and is a bit loud.
We got this as a backup when our large microwave broke.  It does a nice job and it's nice to have an extra one when more than one person wants to use it.  The smaller size is really nice and doesn't take up a lot of space.
I bought 3 of this. if you sand/clean you microwave throughly, you only need to buy 2 to spray it
Worked great.
Works great.. and really great size for cooking multiple items.  easy to use without a lot of fancy buttons. I recommend this to others. But be sure of the size as this is a very large over the stove microwave.
I love this. The cord is on the right, and short, I could have used the word on the left but other than that (because of my outlet location) it deserves a full 5 stars. It does reach to my outlet, but would have been nicer on the left for the location I have the microwave. Other than that, I love this little microwave, I do have too cook things 30-60 seconds longer however, the space I save it worth the extra cooking time. Heats up food, frozen vegetables, and makes small bagged popcorn perfectly. Fits a full sized plate or paper plate, fits a 10&#34; bowl about 5 inches high and that leaves some space too the top. This is not for cooking meals, small things only in my opinion and just what I needed and wanted.
My understanding is this paint comes 2 ways, 1 with a small brush like fingernail paint and the other in a spray can application, by the looks of this picture I thought this was the brush application bottle not the spray bottle but I received the spray bottle and could not contact the company to exchange it. No one answered the phone but they said to leave a message but the message box was full.
Exact device needed to solve my GE microwave problem. My wife is happy now ... so I can be happy too!
This was an excellent shopping experience.  I wish all my purchases could be made online with as little hassle as these. Great Shopping Experience.
People always ask what the hell is that thing parked on the fridge, its the perfect size for me to warm up a single dish or a coffee! I dont cook in a microwave, its functional and its beautiful!
You can actually repair a Sharp Microwave that stops turning<br /><br />You'll be fooled at first because usually to fix some appliance, you remove the cover, or case, or housing, or whatever you call it --- the Cabinet.  Don't.  In fact, on a Sharp Microwave, they used some screws to hold on the cabinet that you don't have the wrench for.  It's like saying, &#34;These arent' the screws you're looking for.&#34;  (You don't need to see his identification papers,)<br /><br />The arcane baffling steps that aren't explained anywhere and that you haven't experienced before --<br />1. The little perforated plate near the center of the back, after you turn it upside down, is removed by ripping it away manfully.  Never done that before on ANYTHING.  No screws,  just hack at it.  You'll be thinking, &#34;But if I bend it and twist it, how will it go back on? &#34;  Well, first of all, you can dispense with it; but if you feel like it, you can flatten it and then turn it over and you'll see how it has little tabs on it to reinstall it.<br /><br />Actually , once you get that little perforated plate off there, it's trivially simple.<br /><br />Carry on.
I bought this thinking common spray paint might be a bad idea. The can warned of the issue of fumes, which in the usual manor, I ignored. I sprayed my microwave, and man did it smell, and really seemed like I should not have been so casual about the warning. So then I thought, if the fumes are so bad, and they lasted for weeks, how good is this crap to be so close to our food, In my imagination, it seems worse than a can of Rustoleum! Who knows, it was fairly expensive for a small can, and it didn't give me a good feeling, but again, who knows?
I really love this microwave.  The design is modern and appealing and the function is ideal for application.  I am very satisfied with having this product on my kitchen countertop.
I use microwave just to rewarm my food. I barely use it to cook. The product is cheap and good for rewarming my food. I already used it for 2 months and have no problem. I don't know how long it is going to last. The product may also be good for cooking but I don't know since I don't cook with microwave.
We needed a small microwave to fit in our newly refurbished 1995 VW Eurovan camper, and this one is perfect. It fits inside an existing cupboard. I had been researching small microwaves for a couple of months and noticed that most of them only had a light on when the microwave was in use, but not when the door is opened. This one lights when the door is opened which was important to us since it's in a small space rather than a brightly lit kitchen. Some reviewers complained that the glass plate didn't seem to fit or stay on the turntable mechanism. Despite this microwave being a different brand that the two we have at home, the turntable mechanism is the same, and it only fits together in one specific position. When it's properly aligned it pops into place and is very stable.
Easy to use and doesn't take up alot of counter space. Also sits higher so it is easy to clean. A little shorter in height inside but it is just used for heating up food, not cooking a ham or turkey in it.
This brand was cheaper than some of the other major brands; however, this one was highly rated by Consumer Reports. Got here in  2 days!
We use these in our break rooms where they get conciderably more than use than they would in a home enviroment. They are a great product for the price we seem to get on average 3 years use out of them. The more expensive ones we tried lasted about the same amount of time.
If I had read the reviews before purchasing this unit, I probably would not have ordered  it.  After reading the reviews, I was worried that I had made a mistake.  However, I have had it for several weeks now, and it is working just fine.  I gave it 4 stars rather than 5 because the door is a little hard to open.  But for the money, it works quite well.  I'm pretty satisfied with this microwave.
None available.
Purchased from Amazon and was received within 5 days (exceptional).  Since it was the same model as my old one, installation was very easy with no new holes or brackets to install.  So far it works very well and I consider it, at this point, an exceptional purchase.
We have a GE oven/microwave combo (the microwave has the oven controls on it) and the paint was coming off the microwave.  I was concerned it was dangerous so I considered replacing the entire unit.  Then we heard about this paint and thought it was worth a try.  My husband is quite handy so he did the sanding and spraying and the microwave looks brand new.  Couldn't be happier and it sure beat the price of replacing the unit.
The appliance fits neatly my new kitchen perfectly, we hardly notice it is even there. The function works with all the setting of a regular machine, it just a lot smaller, the size a large dinner plate. I love it!
Oven came quickly and well packaged and protected.  Gave it a try last night. I'm in the middle of some inside renovation, and used the microwave to have something quick to eat. Things I like about this oven,  is the  pull to open door, and being able to heat food using 15 second increments.  You can also adjust cooking times while the oven is in use. One other feature I really like is that the power cord is not ridiculously long.  You can plug this oven in and not have the cord showing from behind the microwave.<br /><br />This is a very solid oven and am pleased with my  purchase though it is a bit higher than most models.  Curved design of the oven also makes cleaning quicker and easier.
We were trying to find a microwave small enough to fit on the counter in our media room, but still large enough to make popcorn, and other things. This one fit the bill and it works great! We love it!
Overall, the appearance of this item looks great! However, I just installed this and there seems to be a problem with the drawer closing properly. Essentially, when one uses the close button or attempts to close the drawer manually, it closes but then immediately reopens. I found a way around this until a service agent can come to fix it which is to hold it closed so it does not reopen. There is a little trick to it and it has to do with timing of when to hold it shut. I did warm up a biscuit in it and it worked beautifully, otherwise!
It does what I bought it to do: boil water and heat leftovers. As stated in other reviews, it heats VERY unevenly. Since I only plan on having this microwave for a year or a year and a half, I went into this purchase willing to put up with such an inconvenience.<br /><br />If you are looking for a good microwave, look elsewhere. If you are looking for a cheap microwave that will hold you over until you can buy something bigger and better, go ahead.
This is a good little unit. I wanted something of smaller dimensions so I could put it into my RV. It fit perfectly, and it works just fine. Very attractive and very quiet. It's taken a while to get used to the new controls, but that's just because they're different, not bad. I plan to buy another for a small trailer that I have. In short I would recommend this to anybody.
With other microwaves, you lose not only it's own footprint in counter space, but also the clearance in front for the door to open.  With this one, the door opens 3 inches above the counter, plenty of room for other food prep. It tucks way back into the corner, previously wasted space.  It's heavy enough to stay put when pulling the door open, light enough to slide to the side for cleaning underneath.<br /><br />Some reviewers criticized the controls, but hey, anytime you get a new appliance, it takes a while to get used to the buttons.  Took me 2 rounds to decide the 30 second button was a great invention.<br /><br />My kids said &#34;Whoa, what's that!!!&#34; the first time they saw it.  I think that's high praise in kidspeak.
Its not working for what I buy this, but use in my home kitchen. Looks nice. Easy for who not use so much microwave. Want for my husband in Freightliner on road, have hot food
We purchased this microwave at the suggestion of our kitchen designer. We had totally renovated our 1930's home and space was an issue - especially in the kitchen. I'm so glad we spent the $$ and bought it! This microwave survived abuse from 2 little boys (pulling and pushing on the drawer to watch it move by itself, pressing the buttons, etc), countless interior spills and multiple uses each day. It popped bagged microwave popcorn better than any other microwave I've ever owned and boiled water faster than on my Viking gas range. We recently moved and now I'm replacing the microwave in our new house with the exact same model as our old one. Can't say enough good things about it.
Received this microwave.  The first time we tried to use it the top and the sides got extremely hot and it shut off .  It now has no power at all.  I will be returning this and not purchasing a new one.
This product was easy to use and when the paint dried - the paint blended in and match the original inside paint perfectly!
Purchased this ... Good for the price can't complain . I would recommend this to a friend if you need a simple small microwave !
Great item!!! It fits it perfectly. I really enjoyed getting this item. I definitely recommend anyone to purchase this item.
I wasn't sure what component broke in my microwave - a GE Spacesaver XL1800.  It would actually run, just would not heat the food.<br /><br />From extensive research, I figured out which components, when broken, would allow my microwave to run but just not heat.  The list below is from the most likely to least likely cause of the problem.<br /><br />1. Diode<br />2. Magnetron  [many times #1 & #2 happen together]<br />3. Capacitor<br />4. High Voltage Regulator<br />5. Control circuit board<br /><br />90%+ of the time it is #1 or #2 and most likely both.<br /><br />For me, it was both.<br /><br />When I ordered the above diode I tested it with an Ohm [volt] meter and a 9v batter.  The original had current both ways.  The new one allowed current only one way - that's the correct result.<br /><br />Tests on my old and new magnetrons with the Ohm meter had the same results (no battery needed for this).  Both tests read as a closed circuit (or 0.00 on my Ohm meter).  So I wasn't sure if the original Magnetron was actually broken or not.<br /><br />So to check this, I kept the old Magnetron installed and just installed the new diode (plenty videos on youtube on this).<br /><br />No heat. Problem NOT fixed.<br /><br />So then I replaced the Magnetron and kept the new diode in place. New Magnetron.  New Diode.<br /><br />Success.....my microwave works. Yay!<br /><br />Hope this helps.<br /><br />PS.  I ended up getting the an exact copy of the above Samsung OM75P(10) Magnetron for $52 (total final price)on another site.<br /><br />PSS.  Consider replacing the halogen internal light bulb while you have the microwave apart.
In my kitchen there is a wall directly to the left of the microwave space. The microwave I had before, a GE, worked fine, but the Whirlpool is hinged differently so that there needs to be more clearance to the left. I guess it is expected there are shallow cabinets on each side but in my case there's a wall so since the Whirlpool is hinged so the door requires more clearance, it does not fit. Nowhere in the specifications did I see that it requires more than an inch clearance to the left and cannot be installed with a wall to the left!
My turn table would not turn I ordered this part and put it in and the microwave is as good as new.
I had a ring of rust and metal on the bottom of my microwave oven.  My husband just wanted to buy a new oven but I had already ordered this product.  I worked great.  I followed direction I found online and my oven is like new again!
This was a replacement and the fit and quality was perfect.  I would recommend the product to anyone needing a replacement
It is listed as stainless steel, but a magnet stuck tight to it.  This is not typical of stainless-not this much attraction.  Research through  Google showed some stainless is magnetic.  I knew this, but the attraction seemed too strong.Was this a stainless steel coating over iron-I do not know.<br /><br />The microwave has worked very well for me, I have no complaints.<br />Caution: Some cleaners can pit S.S. Amonia should NEVER be used on stainles!  IF-IF it was a S.S. coating and a PIT GOES to  TO THE IRON!<br /><br />My experience has been with microwaves that have the white enamel coating inside.  The coating starts to seperate  from the metal shell and fall into your food.  You remove it until it is almost all gone, leaving the exposed metal shell to rust.  This has happened to me several times.<br /><br />I am very pleased with the Danby Designer from Amazon.
But I don't like the fact that it doesn't have numbers, I always go over the time I need or it takes too long if I do it manually. It's also too small to fit large plates....
She Who Must Be Obeyed was ready to throw the microwave out as the interior was beginning to flake.  A little sand paper and paint and she welcomed it back into Her kitchen.  It feels good to go one up on this disposable society.
I bought this microwave for my college dorm room and their isn't a day that goes by that I regret it!<br /><br />This microwave is relatively quiet and very easy to clean. It is also the perfect amount of watts to keep the university off my back!
This Microwave is pretty good and very quite. I love the way it looks in the kitchen. However, that being said the reason I am not happy with this item completely is because of the way it was packaged when shipped. They don't box this item right and the corners are all exposed during shipping by the time I got it it was all warped and dented. Luckily it was on the side that you cant see when installed and nothing was damaged except for the optional vent part that came with it. Also, the install directions are very confusing...
The light on the clock does not stay lit when micro not in use.  When the door opens and shuts, the liquid in a cup or whatever may spill.  Also when reheating coffee from 7-11 it tips over!
I scraped and cleaned the area really we'll as per instructions, but found that the paint started to peel again after three weeks
This will fit in a small place and has room for a full size dinner plate. It is very sturdy and well made. You could go to Walmart and get a 40 dollar microwave and that might fit the bill. But this will last.
We bought this for our kitchen remodel to fit in the island in July 2012.  I don't like having the micro over the stove because I do a lot of canning and wanted a great range hood.  The heat from canning tends to melt the electronics in micros over the stove after about a few seasons.<br />Once it was in, I was never completely happy because it took a long time to reheat food and didn't seem to reheat evenly.  Not a big deal since we only used it for leftovers....and it looked good tucked away under the counter.<br />When I bought it, I couldn 't find many reviews on it - good or bad, but figured it would be fine-especially with the high price tag.<br />Wrong!<br />It just died with no warning.  Our $199 over the stove micros lasted longer!  I could have melted 4 or 5 of those for the price of this one!<br />I'm going to try to fix it because now I have a custom island built to fit this specific microwave.  Save your money, buy a countertop model and whatever you do,  DO NOT build cabinetry to fit this piece of junk!<br /><br />UPDATE: I was able to have this fixed by a local guy.  Apparently there was some bad circuitry that he was able to replace. Glad I don't have to find a new microwave to fit the space, but I still wouldn't recommend it.  Who knows when it will break again.
Ordered because my turntable inexplicably shattered after 5 years. This replacement was listed for my model number. Perfect fir. Great price. No problems.
My microwave was rusting out badly and it is an undercabinet attached microwave.  I didn't want to have to buy a new one to fit in that small spot and I didn't want to have to remove the microwave to paint it.  So in a couple of hours, I cleaned the microwave (directions online), covered all surfaces from overspray, and used this paint.  Now I have a new microwave and I keep a clean sock filled with rice in it when it is not being used.  The rice absorbs the moisture so the microwave won't rust again.  I am very happy.
I have a small kitchen and my old microwave was a full sized microwave that took up a large amount of cabinet space and seemed out of place because of its size.  Shopped around and found this smaller sized unit but was hesitant because it is 700 watts while my old unit was 1000 watts.  However, I have found that cooking time in this unit is insignificantly longer than the old microwave.  A few second for most things.  I don't actually cook in it but use it for warming left overs or frozen snacks, etc.  For my use it is perfect and it is an attractive addition to my kitchen rather than a huge distraction.  If you need a smaller sized microwave, I highly recommend this one.
Really enjoyed the drawer type microwave and the auto open feature is a plus.<br />Comes with full warranty even though is is a refurbished model.
I bought this microwave to fit into a cabinet. So the measurments were most important to me. Other than that, it has everything I want in a microwave oven. Full size to fit big plates. The carousel works great. Easy controls. Several one push buttons for 1min, 2min, 3min, even a 30 sec button. Readouts  are very bright and easy to see. The only problem is the cabinet. When I got this via UPS, it was packed inside of a plain brown box. Inside that box was the box that the microwave was shipped in. In that box was a full surround of think styrofoam blocks along with some plastic and paperwork. When I took it out of all the wrapping, the cabinet was loaded with dents and one side was slightly collapsed. I don't know how this could have happened unless it was done before shipping. But, why would they ship something they knew was so beat up? The only reason I can think of is......people buy them to put in cabinets like I did. I paid 99.00. Great working microwave. Terrible cabinet.
I was going to say despite its size, this is a wonderful microwave, but then I think the small size is the best part!  I bought it for my small kitchen, and it's not only adorable, it's a kick ass machine.  Love it!
Part is as described. Arrived in a timely fashion. Installation was easy. Direct replacement for the magnetron in our 10 year old GE spacemaker. Microwave is working again!
Had to return it , received less than half the $ I paid for it.  Bulky, odd shape very difficult to find suitable space for it. Like I had an old TV on my counter. UGLY very .ugly
i was going to replace the microwave, checked it out and found it was the magnetron. ordered this, delivered FAST, fixed it for under a 100 bucks!
This microwave is great for portability and also defrosts meats well without over doing it.<br />It looks good in the kitchen and is good for basic use as long as your not in a hurry.<br />It has no power compared to a full size one.<br />What takes 30 seconds in my old panasonic takes 1 1/2 minutes in this one. Thats reheating a cup of coffee.<br />We keep the old micro plugged in, in the basement if we need larger things heated quicker and to be HOT.<br />Reheating leftovers takes much longer. Point being if your into getting things heated quickly this is not the microwave for you.<br />It has an annoying beep that continuously goes off about every 30 seconds after something has been heated until you open the door. Like you need to be reminded. Just another electronic noise nobody needs.<br />Its expensive for what you get. You are paying for portability.
I really thought our built-in microwave was going to have to be replaced, because of the paint pealing away and rust forming where exposed.  To my amazement this inexpensive product solved my problem with ease.  Remember to have area well vented to the outside and to use a mask.  By using many light sprays you will prevent runs.
I've just had this microwave installed in my new kitchen. I wanted to find one that could go in my island and wouldn't  detract from my new cabinets. It's easy to use and is a great addition to my new kitchen.
The parts were just what was needed. They were the correct part as identified. There was no variations and therefore installed just like the parts that were removed. Have been working just fine since installed.
This microwave oven was purchased for work.  Everbody likes it.  Never have any problems.  Would purchase the same kind next time.
The microwave is sparking while heating we are sending it back for a replacement will hope it works this time
Works, great shipping everthing was good looks really nice above the oven with the microwave if we could a microwave that worked to go with it
Microwave that takes half of the space of the previous, fits in the corner and don't interfere with wi-fi!<br />Putting the magnetron beneath the microwave made it compact.
I like the form, fits well in the corner of our counter.  Fairly weak strength but adequate for heating up a bowl of food.  Biggest issue is that it is now DEAD! after only 4 months of use.  Still trying to get Whirlpool to fix or replace it but customer service has not been stellar.  Day 5 after contacting them but still trying to reach the person I need.
We bought this for a new construction and haven't used it yet. It looks great and hope it works just as well.
The microwave is really OK as for the price; if you don't need to have a 'fancy', big microwave and you use it basically just to warm up dishes - it's perfect!<br />I tried also to thaw meat there or prepare popcorn - it also works well.<br />CONS: a little bit noisy when it's ending preparation; popcorn button doesn't work well - program need to be chosen repeated to make sure popcorn is popped<br />PROS: easy to use; small; built-in kitchen timer; cheap
It microwaves leftovers and it fits in the corner with a relatively small footprint.  That's all I ask from it.  Wish it came with a low profile plug but I figured out a way to make it work.
This microwave is excellent for the small household and the person who does not do complex cooking.  It's full-plate size, fine for heat-ups and smaller casserole dishes.  Best of all is the way it fits into a corner.  Yes it takes up space, is not &#34;tiny&#34; but fits under cabinets and leaves you more counter space.  Controls are easy to set.  Haven't had a microwave in years, and somebody suggested this.  I'm happy with it.
This small microwave does everything you need even without lots of bells and whistles.  It fits a corner if necessary and does as good a job as a larger microwave.  It's easy to clean.  I'm so pleased with my decision.
Purchased this microwave for my husband's semi truck.  It would not run on the large inverter installed in the truck.  Fought with it for several days until I decided it would work great here at home!!  I love that it takes up so little room on my counter.  It's perfect for the one or two person household!!
Love this new Microwave; fits perfectly on my small counter and is very efficient for what I need; heating a cup or my heat pad... The only negative I have is that the plastic cover on the bottom front panel is starting to deteriorate already and I've only had it a couple of months... Otherwise love it!
This microwave is simple to use, and it works great.  At first I was a little apprehensive about the matt finish on it but once we got it installed, it looks great.  I love it!  My husband and I installed it...we only needed a basic drill, it took a couple of hours but we got it done.
Had the same issue as Trina on reviews. I purchased via the USA and had shipped to Canada via a freind. Manufactured Oct 2013 and used 5 times before it died. Sharp basically told me to take a hike because of no cross border warranty. My kitchen reno is not even done and this thing has already failed and cost me $250 to have fixed. garbage product, garage service, garabge company. Stay away !!!
Love this microwave! It heats food & drink up fast. I LOVE LOVE LOVE the compact size! Counter top clutter is one of my pet peeves~so this definitely opens up some counter space. It's so cute too!
Just needed for a touch up<br />But works great!  Will keep<br />On hand if see another chip<br />To be fixed
This microwave isn't perfect but it's perfect for me. Some folks would think it's a little loud, both while running and the beeper. It takes a little longer to heat than larger units but that's to be expected. Those are minor issues for me. It's just the right size and fits nicely in the dead space of a corner. Has freed up counter top space. It heats frozen food just fine and that's all I use it for. If I were asked what needs improving, I'd like to be able to key in the heating time rather than push the button up and down. And backlighting for the buttons. Overall, it fits my needs.
My unit arrived quickly and in good order.  Took just a little time for my wife and I to mount this on the wall; the instructions were adequate for setting up the mounts etc.<br /><br />Been working perfectly, can't think of anything to complain about except there was another reviewer who commented on a design flaw of there being no proper cover to the exhaust vent on top; small items could fall into this area.  I would agree with them, though in my case there's nothing above that would fall into it.
Oh my gosh!!! This is fantastic!! It saved sooooo much counter space. We have a family of 3 and it suits us perfectly. I had one of the big stainless microwaves, just took up so much counter space.<br />Only down side is you cannot type in a specific time for something to heat. You press the start button and it's automatic 30 seconds (press twice, 60...and so on) now that it's been a few weeks, I don't really miss the number bad. I'd rather save the space!!
We've had the big 'ol &#34;over-the-range massive GE microwave that was powerful enough to cook a buffalo and was big enough to fit the beast inside but, when we redesigned our kitchen and put in a new pro-style stove and an elegant curved glass vent over it, that oversized radar box had to go! But what to get to replace it? Looked at all the allegedly compact countertop units and rejected every one of them -- &#34;compact&#34; they were not!<br /><br />And then we found this Whirlpool TV set, er, I mean microwave! Whomever designed this deserves a Nobel Prize for peace, physics and common sense!! It looks just like a cute little old school TV set. Imagine that! A cute microwave oven! But what's even better is how this thing disappears right into the corner of our new countertop. Somehow they figured out how to use the corner to their design advantage and here's the best: you can place a full-size 11&#34; dinner plate inside! How'd they do that??!!<br /><br />Negatives? Nothing terrible. Yes, it's only 750 watts vs the 1200 of our former &#34;beast-master&#34; machine but, as another reviewer said, just 'cause it fits a turkey and has the power to cook it doesn't mean ya should!! We use our microwave for vegetables, eggs, liquids, popcorn -- all of which the new cute Whirlpool TV/microwave thingee will do just fine. Takes an extra 15-30 seconds because of the lower power. That just gives me a little extra time to stare at this awesome box and marvel at how truly cool it is.<br /><br />And speaking of boxes, this is serious out-of-the-box thinking about appliances and how they fit into our lifestyles. Major kudos to Whirlpool for taking the initiative to see things a little different. Steve Jobs would have loved this microwave -- form and style perfectly matched with function. It's time for you other lazy manufacturers to up your game.<br /><br />Bottom line? Outstanding microwave!
Made my 2005 Manufactured GE Spacemaker XL1800 work like new (man! there are a lot of different shells for the XL1800 depending on the year it was made!)! There was a small round diode-like item attached with 2-screws to the side of the original unit and not on the replacement. Simply moving this to the same location on the replacement and connecting things back up did the trick! I also replaced the small included diode that connects to the capacitor...why not? It was there.<br /><br />The whole deal took 2 1/2 hours start to finish - including remounting the unit above the range and going over to a neighbor (thanks neighbor!) to get help removing and remounting the microwave. Lots of videos on the web to help you along the way. Be patient and keep track of your screws!
This is a great product  Fixed my microwave like it was brand new  I would highly recommend it to anyone who has some paint chipping off the sides or top of their microwave
This is a great microwave combination convection oven, the knob dial is actually very nice and initially was hesitant about getting it because of that, but now my wife and I truly love it
all the feturers of the big microwaves in a compact size<br />the handle makes it easy to open without spilling food
The price can't be beat, and it has only the features I wanted.  However, it's noisy, and the door is difficult to open.  I practically have to punch the toggle or hold the unit with my left hand, while I push on the switch with my right.  I'm hoping this gets easier over time.
This microwave looks great and I really like the &#34;30 second&#34; feature. It also has a unique footprint that works well for kitchens with limited counterspace. BUT for $150, it should have lasted longer than 14 months. After 6 months, it started making a very labored noise after being on for more than about a minute. At 14 months, it caught on fire while I was trying to warm up a cup of coffee. For my next microwave, I will buy something that looks less sexy, for less money, and hope that it will be more durable.
We needed a small microwave when we moved into a small condo with very little counter space. Most of the reviews said this was the perfect solution and it is. It takes up very little room, plus it fits easily into a corner. It has a rotating glass tray that holds a standard size dinner plate. It's tall enough to fit a 16 ounce mug with room to spare, but it is shorter than many standard microwaves. It has digital controls that are very simple but work just fine. We're older and actually really appreciate that simplicity. Some things take longer to cook but not by much.<br />If you want all the bells and whistles and to be able to zap things quickly, this is not the microwave for you. On the other hand, if you need a smaller microwave that is easy to use and very sturdy I definitely recommend this one. We love it!
After using the microwave for 1 week, it stopped working.  I just sent it back and waiting for a replacement.  I will give sharp 1 more chance.
We don't use a microwave all that much and didn't want to invest counter space in one.<br /><br />With a teenager who is now heating things up for himself, it made sense to get one and this small-footprint model seemed to be a good fit.  It handles our largest dinner plate and seems to heat things well.  It is s little taller than it looks in the picture, but it fits our family's needs quite well.
We needed to create a little more space on the kitchen counter and this unit was perfect.  Nice looking machine and tucks into a corner.  Would recommend to others.
I bought this microwave in October for a kitchen we are having remodeled.  Got it installed about 3 weeks ago and was microwaving some bacon last night and smelled a funny electrical burning smell.  It is apparently fried (which is what I'll be doing with my bacon until this POS is either fixed or replaced.  The top of the unit was extremely hot and it is just totally dead and unresponsive.  Not even a light.<br /><br />I saw all of the bad reviews but there aren't many drawer microwave options and even brands like Wolf and Thermadore are still produced by Sharp.  Very disappointing.  We'll see how the service from Sharp goes...
Chosen for it's size, this microwave is pretty perfect for us. We use it for simple warm ups and reheating. It works great.<br /><br />It is surprisingly very heavy. Arrived very well packaged.<br /><br />I love how it sits back in the corner of the counter with the curved back.
We needed this size and the Danby works.  The controls are a little quirky, you have to put a &#34;0&#34; in front of the timer to set minutes but not all the time...  took some getting used to.  The only real design flaw is that, unlike most microwaves where you push a button and the door pops open, you have to pull the handle on this one.  And the machine is so small and light that you need two hand to open the door or the whole thing moves around and doesn't open.  This can be a pain.  But if you need this size, the cooking is fine.
I would not recommend buying an appliance such as a microwave through Amazon.  Upon receipt of this item I had no idea that it had concealed damage.  Two days after receipt I elected to install the unit.  I noticed that the bottom corner of the door had a nice dent, but was something that I could live with, rather then deal with the agony of a return.  After installing the unit the door would not stay closed.  After looking the door over, I noticed that the clips where broken that hold it closed.  Totally frustrated at this point.  I have received a return mailing label and MRA number, but this will cost me $50 to ship back.  The unit was not shipped in no box, just corner molding, foam end caps, and shrink wrap &#34;No Original Packaging&#34;.  When it was all said and done, I bought the identical microwave under the Kenmore label from Sears for $100 less.  Multiple emails to Amazon on the return freight with no response.  This was a headache that I really didn't need.  I have purchased numerous items from Amazon in the past with no problems. This is a product category that would be best served by a professional retailer.
This microwave will fulfill my needs at this time.  I am well pleased with the wattage of this microwave, this microwave replaced one with much less wattage.
Okay, it's not the most powerful thing ever, and there are a few things I would change about the design, but this little thing handles all my microwave needs and has freed up a significant amount of precious counter space in my very cramped kitchen.
This is an excellent Microwave and very big.  I am so very pleased with this product.  I think it is the favorite of my Grand kids in the kitchen!
We picked this microwave primarily for its dimensions (we needed one with a short height). We are very pleased with this model since it is easy to use, works well and is very quiet. It's not loaded with features but has been a pleasure use over the last few months that we've owned it.
I had to  order 3 of these because the first two arrived damaged. After the third one was installed it looks great and works great. I got it just before Thanksgiving so I used it as an oven so I then had two ovens which came in very handy.
after reading either terrible or &#34;hit and miss&#34; reviews of other small footprint microwaves with &#34;handle doors&#34; rather than &#34;push button&#34; I came across this from Whirlpool..It had GREAT reviews so I tried it for our new granite countertop (didn't want to use up much space)... it is PERFECT!!
This replaces an old Sharp Carousel we use as a second microwave and lasted 14 years. My daughter called it microzilla because you had to shorten cooking times somewhat because it had so much power. This one carries on the tradition.
The unit was purchased to replace an old whirlpool unit that had performed flawlessly for 20 years. Although none of the holes lined up the Sharp unit fit perfectly into the space above our cooktop. So far the unit has performed as advertised.
It works.  It does seem a bit cheaply made, but you aren't paying top dollar so you should expect that.  The door isn't real solid feeling, so far no problems though.  We mounted this over stove and the fan had low and high and now only has high.  Not sure what happened but it still works.  Be aware that if this microwave gets too hot (sitting over a self clean oven or cooking at high temps) the fan will kick on and won't shut off.  Fine, but we didn't know that at first and thought it was broken.  It's just trying to cool itself off!  Love the 30 second feature.  So many things just need short time to warm up or soften and so just pop it in, press the 30 sec and it goes.  Easy, fast.  Use that all the time.
I bought this microwave about two years ago, and it still looks and functions great!  Have not had a single issue. :)
when shutting, yet works well and seems to be a good value for the price. I guess I just miss the more sleek, less noisy one that broke after 9 years :-)
This microwave is very cute (there's no other word to describe it!), and as promised is good for small spaces. It does seem to require more cook time than most microwaves I am used to, and sometimes it is a pain to have to keep holding the + sign to increase time, as opposed to just typing in the number. So far I have had no issues, and the unit is not very noisy at all which is nice.
This is stuff. It really worked very well. It save me a great deal of money having to replace a microwave that still works very well. I highly recommend this product.
As all the other reviews have said, the footprint of this microwave is fantastic. I can't believe other companies have not copied the shape of this microwave. I now have so much more room on my counter.<br />The only quirk that takes a little getting used to is not having number keys to punch in the time. The start button adds thirty seconds every time it's hit or you can add the + key to get a more accurate time. I always use my microwave for quick reheating so it's not a big deal to me. Worth getting used to for the extra space gained. Plus, it microwaves as quickly as its replacement even though the wattage is less.
I researched many microwaves for our needs, and this is the perfect unit. It is my second one, as the first I had special ordered to be delivered to a big box store, it arrived damaged. This one arrived fine, well packaged for the trip. It cooks evenly in the convection mode and as a microwave it is fabulous. It arrived when promised. I would definitely buy from this seller again.
yeayy I love this microwave it takes such a small space in my tiny kitchen but it is huge inside !! it has popcorn button as well !!
during the kitchen remodel we decided to install a commercial type exhaust fan and eliminated the typical microwave location about the stove.  This thing is cool, push a button and the drawer opens, drop in your food, push another button and the drawer closes.
Purchase was a good one.  Love the design of the microwave, and so far it meets all my needs.  Being short, the drawer is much more comfortable for me.  The process of ordering and receiving from Amazon was simple, efficient and has been one of the best purchases I've made in the whole kitchen reno project. Thanks Amazon.
We bought this microwave as part of a kitchen remodel 2 years ago. We have loved it from day one. Being able to open and stir things or just lift things out is so convenient. The kids love it and always enjoy using it. It has a lot of settings and features which we use regularly. The fact that there's a turn table does not bother me. I have not noticed any uneven heating. We have enjoyed it so much that we just bought another one to put in the kitchen of the new house we just bought. I have never regretted this purchase, and neither will you!
Did the job. Great coverage. Made the inside of the microwave look almost brand new. Very satisfied.  Would purchase again
The beep is too loud, and the door rattles. Fixed the door rattle by lifting up the back with a folded 3 by 5 card. Good microwave oven for the near deaf. And the digital display is too bright in my studio apartment; I wanted a microwave oven, not a nightlight.
Microwave works great and it is more powerful than we expected.  Keep in mind that we do not cook in it... we only use it to heat up drinks and some leftovers.  We like how easy it is to set time with just the 30 second button or the + button that adds 5 seconds at a time.  The only complain we have is that the door sometimes does not shut.  We need to push it up a little to get it to close.  Other than that, it was a great purchase for us
This Kenmore microwave eats microwave tubes like 1 every year. Since tubes are now made in far east, instead of by Raytheon, quality as dropped, I now expect to replace tube yearly and budget for it. It was nice to find a tube with diode (which has never failed) for such a great price.
This saved us from needing to buy a new microwave/ oven combo. Easy to use.  We used it to fix our microwave about 2 months ago and it's held up.
Very high quality product. This paint spayed right on with minimal dust and adhered right to the microwave for a smooth finish.
I needed a small, compact microwave. This is perfect if you have limited counter space. The depth is good. It will hold a dinner plate but the interior height is shorter than a regular size microwave. This is because the controls are on the lower panel instead of on the side. The control buttons are simple but intuitive.
I ordered and it was very fast shipping about couple days.<br />My turntable engine was broken after 10 years used my microwave.<br />I'm very easy removed old engine and put new one.<br />Quality product and parts was new.<br />Highly recommended this seller.
I was looking for the microwave with certain size with a basic function. I was so happy to find this product at Amazon.<br />The first one arrived last week, but I had to return it next day. It made clicking noise when I closed the door. It also make some noises when I push &#34;Start&#34; button.<br />The second one, I received today and connect, set up clock, and start with a cup of water to make sure it works.  I felt bad returning the same product twice.<br />This time, I called Whirlpool customer service. The personnel told me the information she has is the same &#34;product guide&#34; (which comes with the product).
Love this little microwave! It is the perfect size (holds just a dinner plate) and LOVE that it does not take up a tremendous amount of room. We don't use it for much other than occasionally heating something up (1-2x month) or steaming vegetables, so I can't speak to how it does for heavy use.
Microwave didn't work when I received it.  It was really disappointing.  It was a great looking microwave but very sad to have to return it.
I bought this because the counter footprint and wattage were both low. I didn't expect very intuitive controls, a super easy-to-clean interior, weirdly efficient heating (stuff gets hot FAST) and thoughtful design touches like an interior light that switches off with disuse, and a polite, non-obnoxious &#34;your stuff is done&#34; beep that only goes off a few times before quieting down. It's a great little microwave. Bit tall, but that should be obvious from the pictures.  Update: Died in 2017 after years of faithful service, and I'm going to replace it with the same model. It has a totally unmatched capacity to footprint ratio, and I'm really annoyed that no one else is making microwaves that stack the mechanical bits under or over the food cavity. This is obviously the better way to build a microwave.
DESCRIPTION<br />&#62; Can be mounted in a 24&#34; wide X 12&#34; deep space.  Not intended to be installed above a range (standard ranges are 30&#34; wide), does not include a built-in hood for use above a range.<br />&#62; Has the great simple operation of previous Spacemakers: for example to heat a cup of coffee 1 minute, place it in the microwave and press &#34;1&#34;.  That's all.<br />&#62; Well built, albeit with more plastic and less metal than my old Spacemaker II.<br />&#62; Quieter than my old Spacemaker II--although that's no big deal.<br />&#62; The turntable is a nice addition (my old Spacemaker II did not have a turntable), but reduces the total space available (unless you turn the turntable off).<br />&#62; Has all of the controls and options of my old Spacemaker II:<br />...Plus popcorn, &#34;beverage&#34;, &#34;reheat&#34;, &#34;chicken/fish&#34;, &#34;potato&#34;, and &#34;vegetable&#34; buttons (which I probably won't use because I like to know what the microwave is doing).<br />...Other new buttons are &#34;delay start&#34;, &#34;reminder&#34;, &#34;turntable on/off&#34;, and &#34;add 30 sec&#34;.  The &#34;add 30 sec&#34; works on its own, you can press it and get just 30 seconds OR add 30 seconds to any time.  30 seconds is ideal for warming a cup of coffee, or heating some pastries.<br />...There is a child lockout, but without a dedicated button.<br /><br />UNDERCOUNTER INSTALLATION<br />&#62; The microwave itself comes with a paper template for drilling the necessary holes, but the template can be confusing and may not apply in all cases.<br />&#62; The microwave hangs from four ~1 1/4&#34;-long machine screws, which are inserted from above, from inside the cabinet above.  If the floor of the cabinet is greater than 1/2&#34; thick, then the length of the screws needs to be equal to the thickness of the floor plus 1/2&#34;.<br />&#62; Hypothetically, you could install the microwave with the four screws from your local hardware store, and 4 big washers (e.g., 2&#34; in diameter).  However the installation kit is probably easier.<br />&#62; If you use the template, double check the logic, and adjust the location of the screw holes accordingly.<br />... The key measurement is the distance from the front holes to the front of the cabinet. You usually want the front of the microwave to be flush with the front of the closed doors of the cabinet.  (That is, the front holes should be approximately 3 1/4&#34; back from the front of the closed doors).<br />... The door of the microwave needs an extra 1/8&#34; on the left in order to open fully, and the grill for the ventilation fan is on the left side of the microwave.  If there is an obstruction on the left side (such as wall, cabinet, or refrigerator), you may wish to shift the holes 1/4&#34; to the right, if you can.<br /><br />UNDERCOUNTER INSTALLATION KIT<br />&#62; If this is an new undercounter installation, or the space between the front and back screw holes (inside the cabinet above the microwave) is not ~6 1/4&#34;, then you need GE part #WX4-A019 [[ASIN:B001H815TO GE Part Number WX4-A019 UNDER CAB MT]].  If you are replacing a Spacemaker with a distance of ~6 1/4&#34; between the front and back holes, then you probably do NOT need an installation kit.<br /><br />IF YOU ARE REPLACING AN OLD SPACEMAKER II (for which the spacing between the front and rear screw holes is ~7 3/4&#34;)...<br />&#62; I purchased this Profile Spacemaker to replace a 23-year old Spacemaker II.  But neither the holes, backing plate, nor the screws were the same.<br />&#62; The spacing from the cabinet front to the forward screw holes is almost the same for my old Spacemaker II and this new Profile Spacemaker.<br />&#62; The lateral spacing (side-to-side) between the screw holes is the same 19 15/32&#34; for my old Spacemaker II and this new Profile Spacemaker.<br />&#62; But the spacing between the front and rear holes is NOT the same (the new spacing is 6 1/4&#34;).<br />&#62;So, if the holes in your cabinet are for the old Spacemaker II, then you need only drill new rear holes in your cabinet for this Profile Spacemaker.  Draw a line on the cabinet between the centers of the existing front and back holes, measure 6 1/4&#34; back from the center of the front hole, and drill the new hole there.<br />&#62; The screws seem to be very similar, but a slightly different diameter or pitch (perhaps they are metric). Hypothetically, you could drill new holes in the old backing plate (or use washers instead of the backing plate), and find screws the right size and length, but I decided to purchase the new kit instead.<br /><br />BEFORE YOU REPLACE A DEAD MICROWAVE OVEN ...<br />&#62; My old Spacemaker II died three times over 23 years as the result of power surges (lightning).  I accidentally learned that the trick is to unplug the microwave overnight for the electronics to reset.  I've had the same experience with several other appliances.<br />&#62; Even refrigerators and clothes driers have built-in computers these days.  If any electric appliance is not working properly, unplug it, and leave it unplugged a while.  For some reason (perhaps large capacitors in the circuit) big appliances usually need hours to reset.<br /><br />RELIABILITY<br />If my experience with my old Spacemaker II is any indication, this Profile Spacemaker should be very reliable.  Although resurrected 3 times over 23 years, my old Spacemaker was still working when I &#34;took it out of service&#34;.  After 23 years of daily use, some of the white finish was turning yellow, there were patches of rust inside, and the door switch (which turns the light on and off) was erratic.<br /><br />IF YOUR OLD SPACEMAKER HAD A TRAY INSTEAD OF A TURNTABLE, keep the tray from your old microwave.<br />&#62; The tray will fit in your new Profile Spacemaker.  The tray will catch spills and protect the bottom of the microwave from abrasion and burnt-on spills (which may promote rust in the future).<br />&#62; I use the glass tray when I'm using a large rectangular casserole, or many small containers.  I often warm two 12&#34; diameter full plates of food---I use a small glass storage container as a spacer so that the plates can overlap.<br />&#62; If you use the tray, lift out the glass turntable and rollers and turn off the turntable drive, then place the glass tray in the bottom.<br /><br />GENERAL HINTS ON MICROWAVE COOKING<br />It is largely steam created by the microwaves which does the cooking, so the key to cooking many items (especially vegies) is to generate and hold that steam.<br />&#62; If you are warming bread, wrap it in a towel.  It is astounding how effective a single layer of paper towel can be.  If the bread is rock hard, slightly dampen the towel, and use half-power--the warm bread will be soft and fresh.  Heat only briefly and/or at reduced power.<br />&#62; You can even bake potatoes or roast ears of corn-on-the-cob in a microwave, if you wrap them in a damp cloth towel.<br />&#62; Rinse vegetables before you cook them---that washes off any pesticides etc., and the extra water will produce extra steam.  If the vegies are dehydrated after long storage, you may want to soak them a few hours ahead to time to re-hydrate them.<br />&#62; It is usually best NOT to boil vegies in a container of water in a microwave, because the excess formation of steam LOWERS the cooking temperature.  Your goal should be to create a little steam, contain it, and superheat it.  (This is the same principle as a pressure cooker).<br />&#62; Stir some oil (e.g., olive) oil with cut vegetables---a coating of oil will help hold the steam inside the individual pieces of vegetable.<br />&#62; A selection of glass casseroles of a range of sizes with glass lids can be essential for microwave cooking.  The goal is that the vegies fill the container and the container is covered with a lid---so that the steam is concentrated.  [[ASIN:B001HZY9CM Anchor Hocking 3 PieceCasserole Glass Bakeware Set with Bonus 2 Piece Kitchen Tool Set]]<br />&#62; If you don't have a glass casserole the right size, you can often use a glass or ceramic bowl, and use a saucer or small plate as a lid.<br />&#62; Heating plastic may cause it to de-gas toxic compounds---if you plan to heat left-overs in your microwave, it is best to use glass storage containers [[ASIN:B0000CFTB0 Pyrex 6022369 Storage 14-Piece Round Set, Clear with Blue Lids]].  But don't use the plastic lids in the microwave.<br /><br />&#62; Click on “Stoney?just below the product title to see my other reviews, or leave a comment to ask a question.e container as a spacer so that the plates can overlap. &#62; If you use the tray, lift out the glass turntable and rollers and turn off the turntable drive, then place the glass tray in the bottom.  GENERAL HINTS ON MICROWAVE COOKING It is largely steam created by the microwaves which does the cooking, so the key to cooking many items (especially vegies) is to generate and hold that steam. &#62; If you are warming bread, wrap it in a towel.  It is astounding how effective a single layer of paper towel can be.  If the bread is rock hard, slightly dampen the towel, and use half-power--the warm bread will be soft and fresh.  Heat only briefly and/or at reduced power. &#62; You can even bake potatoes or roast ears of corn-on-the-cob in a microwave, if you wrap them in a damp cloth towel. &#62; Rinse vegetables before you cook them---that washes off any pesticides etc., and the extra water will produce extra steam.  If the vegies are dehydrated after long storage, you may want to soak them a few hours ahead to time to re-hydrate them. &#62; It is usually best NOT to boil vegies in a container of water in a microwave, because the excess formation of steam LOWERS the cooking temperature.  Your goal should be to create a little steam, contain it, and superheat it.  (This is the same principle as a pressure cooker). &#62; Stir some oil (e.g., olive) oil with cut vegetables---a coating of oil will help hold the steam inside the individual pieces of vegetable. &#62; A selection of glass casseroles of a range of sizes with glass lids can be essential for microwave cooking.  The goal is that the vegies fill the container and the container is covered with a lid---so that the steam is concentrated.  [[ASIN:B001HZY9CM Anchor Hocking 3 Piece Casserole Glass Bakeware Set with Bonus 2 Piece Kitchen Tool Set]] &#62; If you don't have a glass casserole the right size, you can often use a glass or ceramic bowl, and use a saucer or small plate as a lid. &#62; Heating plastic may cause itto de-gas toxic compounds---if you plan to heat left-overs in your microwave, it is best to use glass storage containers [[ASIN:B0000CFTB0 Pyrex 6022369 Storage 14-Piece Round Set, Clear with Blue Lids]].  But don't use the plastic lids in the microwave.  &#62; Click on “Stoney?just below the product title to see my other reviews, or leave a comment to ask a question.
Fits beautifully in a corner of my kitchen so much better than a full sized rectangular one ever did.  Because the controls are on the bottom (instead of the side) the door is higher and it easily clears the edge of the sink next to it and, occasionally, drying dishes without having to move anything.<br /><br />Love the sleekness of the look and simplicity of the controls.  Miss the number pad a bit, but knew it didn't have one when I bought it and am quickly adjusting.  Power control and basic instructions on what setting to use have been helpful (couldn't even figure out power setting on previously owned machine!).  Oh and the very short beeps at the end of a cycle are not nearly as annoying as the longer ones on other models I have owned.<br /><br />We typically use for reheating food (single or multiple servings) or beverages and the occasional bowl of popcorn and it heats quite well.  In fact, the popcorn button is the only part I completely dislike, as it is preset for only 1.75 oz bags and cannot be changed.  We gave up preservative laden pre-packaged bags of popcorn years ago in favor of real kernels using a special bowl or paper bag, so the popcorn setting is useless for us.  Have not noticed any difference in heating between this and previous full size model we owned, except that beverages seem to heat faster.  Full sized plates fit and have had no issue with container heights (even my large popcorn bowl fits nicely).<br /><br />Bought the white version online at Home Depot, as their price was actually better than Amazon's and included free delivery as well.  Definitely recommend to anyone looking for a smaller microwave.
We purchased this model in white last month and just installed it a week ago. Easy to install and looks very nice. The downside with this is there's no operating instructions except for a few basic ones printed on the face of the unit when you open the door, and they are not adequate. I still haven't figured out how to simply thaw a 1/4 cup of frozen blueberries for my cereal in the morning - very frustrating. It DID do a very even job of reheating a casserole, but the lack of a booklet to reference is very disappointing. Once I am able to figure out how it use it more efficiently, I'm sure I will be happier with it.
fits perfect and works great never thought I would find one that would fit my kitchen in stainless steel look
Bought this to replace a builder-grade off-brand unit that came with the house. In performance and style, this Whirlpool microwave is absolutely superior. A few notes:<br /><br />- Heats faster and more evenly than I'm used to. Depth is 17 inches, which is one inch larger than my old microwave. Thus, I'm able to use my large square plates in this one.<br /><br />- Install was a bit tricky. I installed in a slot previously occupied by a microwave, so I did not have to cut a vent hole or locate studs. I did have to remove the old mounting plate, which was shorter. This unit came with a cardboard template to locate the bottom line of the mounting plate on the wall. This wall template worked fine - I simply drew the line, then held up the metal plate, and drilled into the studs in the appropriate holes.<br /><br />The top template was a different matter. Whirlpool provides a paper template to affix to the underside of your cabinets to locate the holes to drill for the cabinet mount. If you have a recess under your cabinets, as I do, you will need to trim the template to get it to fit. I did this, and drilled through the template holes. They were about a half inch off. I threw the template away and remeasured, and drilled 9 1/2 from the back wall (not 10 as specified in the installation instructions). These holes worked.<br /><br />The power cord also has to go through the cabinet above. The instructions say to bore a 1.5-inch hole. I did this with a spade bit (enlarging a ~.75 inch hole from the old microwave). Seems a bit large, could probably have gotten away with a 1 inch hole.<br /><br />I have the microwave wall-vented. Installing the flap with sheet metal screws on the microwave and placing into my pre-existing vent hole was easy. I can't speak to the ease of the ceiling vent mount.<br /><br />- There are presets for popcorn, potator, and pizza. Of these, I've only used the pizza setting to reheat a small slice. Took 1 minute 40 seconds on a lower setting,but heated it a bit too hot. Would probably be fine for a large slice.<br /><br />Other than that, it looks and works great.
This is a good microwave that fits well in the corner of the kitchen. It fits a full size dinner plate.
I just finished remodeling my kitchen a few months ago. I was trying to go for something different in putting together my design and I thought this would not only be cool, it would free up some valuable counter space. I was a little concerned upon reading some of the reviews from some who have purchased this microwave and aren't too thrilled with it's performance however upon much consideration, I decided to take the chance and as Nike says, Just do It. I have been using my microwave religiously since June and it has been nothing but the best. It looks sleek and cool built into my cherry cabinet. The performance of the unit has been trouble free to date and overall, I would not hesitate to buy it again.
only one I could find to fit in space.  couldn't use all the others because once installed was unable to open door because it is next to an extended wall.  I hunted all  over for a microwave that the door hinge was about an inch from side.
In our family we mostly use the microwave oven to reheat food: 99% of the time (defrost takes the rest). It does the job well but it lacks one convenient element for that purpose: the start button has no memory. This means that you have to retype the amount of time you want to reheat every time. Our previous one (also a whirlpool, from 20 years ago) remembered the time we put in previously and that was extremely convenient.<br />A more minor issue: the fan and light have two modes (hi/lo) but no separate button for each mode (saves space) so you have to push three times when you use these functions.
I got this because it was touted as a mini-microwave. Of course, I am capable of reading the dimensions, which I did, but when it arrived it still seemed shockingly huge for a mini or compact microwave. It simply won't work with my limited counter-space. I don't know how well it works, because after trying it in various spots, I put it right back in the box. BTW, it is $30 to send back, so make sure you want it before you order.
I like this microwave, EXCEPT the door is NOT always close right.. as you close it, it's almost as if it was installed a bit lower than it needs to be to close securely. The family is ALWAYS complaining about it:(  Also, for the size of this thing, I thought it would be a tiny bit taller INSIDE. Our freezer makes ice-cream VERY HARD so we 'nuke' it for maybe a minute to get it softer before serving- the round ice-cream container cannot fit upright in it.  Some cups do not fit either.<br /><br />The PLUS side of this tho, is that it DOES fit snugly into a corner! THAT is the only thing that sells it, in my opinion. I have NO IDEA WHY, it is so big & bulky for the size it actually IS, on the inside!? There is a solid 5&#34; of 'bulk' at the bottom, another 3&#34; at the top and about 6 & 3/4&#34; of height INSIDE.... and that does NOT include the plate & roller.... so you TRULY ONLY HAVE a microwave that is 5 & 3/4 INCHES tall inside!! ... The PLATE within, is an 11&#34; plate, but it is very close to the edge. ALSO, the bottom roller that holds the plate in place- is in TWO PARTS, rather than ONE. If this roller gets off the other piece... it makes a rattling noise & makes you think there is something very wrong with it.<br /><br />We only use a microwave for warming things, reheating pizza, a cup of coffee etc., and this does that job very well, however, for $150, I would have absolutely RETURNED IT- had I not lived on an island in Alaska, where the shipping would have KILLED  me :(
This little giant is great for small spaces. It is very easy to use and works just as well as larger microwaves. I am very happy with purchase.
This kit is just what I needed.  My microwave stopped warming food and made a loud buzzing sound when on.  I didn't want to replace the whole unit because it matched my stove.  I got this kit and it was really pretty easy to install.  Now it works like new again.<br /><br />***There are dangers of electric shock, so do your research.***<br /><br />*Keep track of all your screws and bolts and where they go.*
I received on time, but with damage on the door and left side and with out grill,I'm not so happy
The four fixed screws on the unit does not line up with the existing hole of the microwave, so i had to zip tie it down.<br />they needed to be at the 12 and 6 o`clock position for me to bolt it down, but it works great.
Very disappointed, because this is the perfectly shaped microwave for our kitchen. But my husband reported a big, scary electrical storm (and bad smell = burning machine?) inside the unit yesterday, along with a weird dark brown spot on the inside of the machine. He was melting butter in a Pyrex bowl. Today, the microwave is headed for appliance recycling.<br /><br />Importantly, we only used the unit at most once or twice per day, to warm or melt things.
Box was not crushed but top venting cover was dented and cracked.  I used the old one from the same model that needed to be replaced as to avoid all of the return BS.
While I love the shape of the microwave (it does fit perfectly in a corner), the turntable is defective and does not turn.  Upon removing the packaging, I immediately turned the microwave on and placed a cup of water in it to see if it was heating ok, walked off a minute and when I returned the water was very hot.  I thought eveyrthing was ok, so I threw the packaging away.  A few days later, I put a plate of food in the microwave to heat it up and that's when I noticed the turntable was not turning!  I opened the door, checked the wheels it revolves on, replaced the glass, gave the glass a little turn and still nothing.  I tried even placing things of different weights on it, sometimes it would turn a little like it was trying to turn but then would abruptly stop.  So buyers beware, I would not purchase this item.
This met our requirements for a space saving microwave.  We would recommend it to any one with limited counter space.
It is a basic microwave and so far working very well.<br />It fit perfect over our oven range.<br />My husband and his friend's help needed for taking old one out and setting this microwave up.<br />Door feels very light (we are used to the metal one) so we get gentle on it.
but it is a little deep for where I have it. Beautiful and stylish. Easy to use, with sensitive touch screen.
When ordering cabinet for microwave I had no clue that Sharp offered a drawer oven that would fit into the cabinet perfectly.  It looks so great and works beautifully.
We got it the same day our cabinets were being installed. We were worried about it not working since this was our first on-line purchase of such a high priced item. Let me tell you how easy it went in and it performed FANTASTIC!!!! it is exactly what we wanted and the slide out drawer has our friends looking into how they can install one in their kitchens. We installed it in a bottom cabinet directly under the countertop. great height and so convenient to place hot items right onto the countertop. No more reaching over head or over a hot stove to get anything out. This is a real gem and an awesome addition to our kitchen.
Bought this for a small kitchen, it fits nicely in the corner and works great. Seems to be well-made. Although it is lower wattage, I have not had to significantly increase the cooking time, and I can fit a plate or even cook/reheat in a round 2qt dish. The beep is a little loud but otherwise no complaints.
So far it has worked fine with no service calls.  I will keep you posted in future years.  Given how nicely it fits in our kitchen island, I would probably buy another one even if it lasted only 2 years.  Update:  Finished year 4 with no problems.  Still very happy.
This product fits into a small corner counter space that I have, and it &#34;looks&#34; nice...but truth be told, I could have saved money and bought a small rectangular MW and put it on the same counter, although it wouldn't have looked quite as nice as this one does.
The ceiling of my microwave was a disaster. Paint was peeling all over it. This product did the trick. Make sure you sand properly and spray several light coats rather than one thick one.
This is a good looking microwave and the value is unbeatable. My only disappointment is that it sticks out from the cabinet way more than the flush unit it replaced.
My regular glasses can't fit in so keep that in mind, you'll need shorter glasses. Its footprint is a winner, even though I got tons of real estate on my countertop already, I still appreciate how much space it frees up when compared to my big ass conventional MW. I do miss the analog dial (to set minutes) on my old MW though, touching these touch-sensitive totally flat buttons is just so unnatural.  I regret that I didn't buy this earlier.
Bought this cutie for the outdoor kitchen in my RV.  I had limited space to work with so this was the perfect choice for me.  The unit sits in one corner of the outdooor kitchen counter leaving me enough room to add a hot plate as well.<br /><br />Great item at a great price.  Enough power to handle all routoine microwave tasks.
Had large amount of rust under rotating plate in GE microwave.  Surface prep is important.  I started out with sandpaper and discovered this was going to take too long due to the amount of rust I had.  I ended up using a 1&#34; metal paint scraper to remove all paint/rust down to base metal in the damaged area, this worked very well.  Then sanded smooth.  Wiped surface clean with rubbing alcohol. Masked off area to be painted.  Ensure adequate ventilation when painting.  I applied mutliple coats.  2 months of usage thus far... looks great, holding up great!
I bought a used micro that works great but needed a little &#34;tweaking&#34; for paint touch p inside.<br />This did the job!
It is so nice! it works, is small, has a wonderful shape, it is an acquisition for my kitchen. I recommend it.
After about 10 uses...yes, 10 uses, the microwave heating element broke.  It was under warranty but this product is horrible.  all looks, no performance.  Filing a BBB complaint and one with Sharp as well.  $1K is too much for this bag of magic beans.
SEPTEMBER 13, 2013 over one month after delivery AND STILL NOT USABLE!!!! GETTING UPSET.<br /><br /> THE RATING REFLECTS THE FACT THAT IT IS NOT WORKING YET !!!<br />So I can't be sure that it will.<br />The unit was delivered and it is what I wanted because it is exactly like the one I had for 14 years (newer model of course); but it has not been working as it should. I wonder if the tech will really getting it to work correctly. Waiting now for parts to fix the oven portion of the unit. The tech tells that the microwave portion only cooks on the sides and the center does not get the ray to cook the food, How can that be possible?? Anyway here I am one full month after purchasing the oven and can't use it. I still will be happy if they get it to work properly.<br />Love the fact that the color is not bisque --- thankfully it is almond like the previous one although the bottom of this one is white .... why??? Was it refurbished???? Original bottom damaged ???? Will never know.
After following the instructions it fixed my rusty microwave oven. I'm happy I had found this product. Now I don't have to pay a costly repair bill.
I needed a microwave that would handle large dinner plates but took no space.  This item fits the bill perfectly.  It fits neatly into a corner of my countertop, in no way dominates the area, and functions way beyond what I expected.  If you are looking for a compact microwave that handles big things this is it.  Don't hesitate to purchase it.  Highly recommended.
Late last year we remodeled our kitchen. We put in top of the line Wolf/Sub Zero appliances that we always wanted, but we let our salesperson talk us into this Sharp microwave. This microwave hasn't even been in a year and the door is already separating from the glass (hard to understand since it is the one appliance that we rarely use-I am in a rigorous school program and my husband travels for work). I can almost fit my pinky finger into the gap that has formed between the door and the glass. The microwave is used maybe once a week for a reheat after a late shift. When I called Sharp about this issue, I was transferred to every department until finally the one I needed was closed. Yep transferred to different departments only to be told that they couldn't help and the one that could help me was closed for the evening. I called at 1pm MST. This is so frustrating to have my beautiful dream kitchen with this eyesore coming apart...who knows how they will have to rip it out. I am off to buy a Wolf drawer microwave; their helpful customer service goes out of their way to make sure you are satisfied.
The microwave is light on features but works very well for the functions it provides.  It's a very simple micowave that does it's core job well which is exactly what I wanted.  I didn't need all of the advanced features, cooking presets and auto-options that the more expensive microwaves come with.  I installed the microwave in a couple hours removing the old one that didn't work anymore and had a bag of popcorn right after...
i had where and tear on the bottom of my unit and paint pealing on the top. i brushes it down with a wire brush and put several coats of paint on it as directed. the product worked great. the inside of my microwave looks brand new.
This is a great design concept.  It gives you more counter space.  I was worried about it making soup spill with jerky loading, but I haven't found that to be a problem.<br />The only reason that I didn't give it 5 stars is that the interface is a bit clumsy.  For pretty  much everything, it requires too many key strokes to get it doing what you want. It's like the old days of operating a VCR. way too complicated. It's like you have to keep the manual out on the counter if you want to do anything other than run if for 1, 2 or 3 minutes.  defrosting = difficult .. timer = difficult... resetting the clock = difficult<br />In summary: as long as your key objective is to get the microwave off of the counter, and you only plan on using it to reheat things at max heat, then you will love it.
As advertised.  Easy to replace, Not really much more to say, bought a replacement part and it worked. Saved the money for a new microwave.
We used the Dacor labelled version of this aplliance for 10 years before it gave out. Found out this is the exact same appliance as the Dacor, at half the price. So we ordered this one, but returned it immediately because it  had dents, so obviously had been dropped, and seemed to be making a louder noise than the old Dacor when operating and I was afraid it had internal damage. Amazon was as always good on making full refund on its return. I then came across a highly discounted floor model microwave that featured a 400 cfu exhaust system (vs the 300 cfu exhaust on this product), a feature very important to my wife who does a lot of stir frying. The microwave I bought is also 1100 watts vs 850 watts on this one, but I don't know how important an extra 250 watts really is. 850 watts was just fine for us for  10 years.  Could it be the lower wattage helped it last so long? And the convection oven utility is something we may miss more than we now think we will.<br />Anyway I think this is a pretty good product, particularly if you use the convection function a lot. One word of advice if you buy this and vent it to the outside, remove the vent flap on top of the unit and install a vent flap at the end of the duct line. Our vent flap became loaded with grease and stuck in the closed postion. The exhaust  then entered and covered the wiring and internal parts with grease, causing it to overheat and blow the magnitron. Also be religious about keeping the vent screens clean. If we had done those things our old Dacor may have lasted who knows how much longer. We considered repairing it but the technician said there was too much grease.
GREAT SMALL SIZE, looks good, fits in a corner and does not take up a lot of apace, and works very well.
have owned Sharps in past.  this fit perfectly above stove. No alterations, no fuss , Works great. looks great. would recomend
I love it!  I have a small kitchen with limited counter space and this little microwave is exactly what I needed.  It works as well as any other microwave I have owned.  Very happy!
After having read reviews for more expensive upmarket brand microwaves like LG and Panasonic, we went to our local (Canadian) Wal Mart to see what they had.<br /><br />The first thing I noticed about this one is that it is completely stainless steel: front AND back; outside and inside; all around. It looks like a professional food service microwave. To me, the stainless steel interior is easier to clean than a white painted one.<br /><br />We have heard that microwave ovens don't last like they used to (we have one low quality unbranded OTR one in a mobile home at the moment which was new in 1995 & still working as well as it ever did, and another LG 900 watt in an RV from 2004, also a good runner at this writing, July 2013).<br /><br />We didn't want to spend a lot of money if the microwave was only going to last a couple of years. Well, with this Danby, we have a two year replacement warranty. If it dies before its time, we either get a new one or a refund of the money we spent on this one. Fair enough, I thought.<br /><br />There are not a lot of features here and it isn't super powerful. Certainly adequate but our LG 900 watt heats things up a bit faster and has more useful programs like casserole re-heat with 4 levels and programs for either fresh or frozen vegetables with different quantities.<br /><br />The Danby reheat button has only 3 minutes; no other options. For most cooking/reheating you have to punch in the time you guess is about right manually.<br /><br />Considering the price ($100 Canadian plus sales tax) and the two year replacement warranty ($10 from Wal Mart), we are pretty well pleased with this so far. We have never had a countertop microwave as big as this one so we had to get used to all the acreage it takes up. We might have considered an OTR but this condo kitchen has no range hood at the moment.
I receive so many compliments about this cutie in our second kitchen. We have little counterspace in the area and this is worth every penny, works great, and a spectacular space saver. Highly recommended.
a little bulkier than I expected. bigger than the old one I got in the 1990's but fits on the counter
We purchased this microwave, and then realized that 2 cu ft. is WAY too big for a family of three. We hoped to exchange it for a smaller one.<br /><br />Sharp told us that we were responsible for shipping (fair enough), but also that we would have to pay a 30% restocking fee.<br /><br />This is absurd. Who's ever heard of a 30% restocking fee? We never even removed this from the cardboard box- we simply opened the top, and then re-closed it. 30% seems like usury to me. Frankly, I can't believe Amazon would allow a merchant to charge a 30% restocking fee. I'm positive their Cost of Goods Sold isn't much more than 30%... what are they doing, just trashing returns?<br /><br />Anyway, even if I were going to buy a Sharp microwave again, I certainly wouldn't buy it HERE, and reward these unfair business practices.<br /><br />We own a business, and we expect to be treated as consumers, the same way we treat our customers.. that simply isn't happening here.
Fits very nicely in a corner spot and doesn't take up much room which is nice when you do not have much counterspace
this was exactly the one I needed I wasn't sure I would be able to find the one I needed but I did and loved the fact I received it sooner than expected
fits in the corner under upper cabinets perfectly. Only 750 watts, but just fine for reheating left overs, etc.  I like that the &#34;controls&#34; are under the door, so that the turntable sits a little higher.  Also, something sitting in front of the microwave does not have to be moved before opening the microwave, as the door opens a few inches above the counter top.  I have only had the microwave for a month, but no problems at all.  I am very happy with my purchase.
While redoing our kitchen, I discovered this microwave and I love it!  I was concerned about lack of a turntable but after a month of use, I have founds foods to be heated evenly.  The popcorn button works great and I love how easy it is to program things like defrost, melt butter, warm syrup, beverages, etc...  Most of all, I am thrilled to have the microwave off the counter and the drawer style is a must when mounting in a base cabinet.
We gave this to my daughter for her birthday.  Her husband installed it over their range.  She loves the convenience of both another oven and the option of a microwave. the convection is large enough for a big baked chicken.
We were reluctant to spend so much on a microwave as we are not big microwave users but we absolutely love this and are glad we splurged. It defrosts without cooking, won't burn popcorn, can soften butter without melting, and of course looks amazing. Its easy to clean and was pretty easy to install.  If I had to come up with a shortfall there is a height limit so forget tall items like those rice express packages.  Still worth it and would still recommend it.
I got this microwave yesterday and I've been smiling about it ever since. I just love how it looks in the corner of my kitchen. The only negative to me is that it's kind of expensive for a small microwave, but what was the last thing you bought for your kitchen that just made you happy? Since the only con I can think of is the price, I'll just run through the pros as I see them.<br />1. It's unique. Every other microwave I've ever seen (with the exception of the Sharp Half-Pint) looks pretty much the same: a horizontal rectangle with a door and a keypad control panel to the right. The bottom controls and lack of numeric pad make this thing look entirely different, and in a good way. (Don't worry about the lack of a keypad, the controls are a no-brainer.) When you unbox it and see the rounded back, you know you've bought something different from the norm.<br />2. It's big inside. Bigger than my old GE compact for round things, and I've just never had the urge to throw a 9x13 pan in my microwave. (I have yet to try it with popcorn, manual says limit it to the 1.75 ounce size.)<br />3. It's powerful. 1:30 on high heats up a cup of water better than my old one. Good enough for me.<br />4. The LED display is blue. Very cool, in my opinion.<br />5. The interior light goes on when you open the door. Some small microwaves only light up while you're cooking.<br />6. You can use the timer and cook simultaneously. Pretty standard, but some don't. Also, you can adjust the timer and the cook time on the fly by hitting + or -, no need to stop and reset. And you can toggle between the timer and the clock if you want.<br />7. No door release button. You just grab the recessed edge of the door and pull. And it feels solid when you shut it.<br />8. The reminder tone shuts off. Yes, it reminds you when you forget to pull something out, but it shuts up after three reminders and reverts to the clock. (I swear my old microwave displayed End most of the time.)<br />9. Limited features.The only special features are defrost, reheat, popcorn, and power level (100%, 75%, 50%, 25%, and the power-saving 0%). I've never used anything more.<br />10. I'm running out of ideas, but to make a nice round 10, I'll point out that the door is about two inches thick with a space between an inner and outer window. This gives it a kind of window-box look that I like a lot.<br />Hope this helps convince everybody to pull the trigger and buy this microwave. You won't regret it!<br />NOTE: The display panel comes covered in a clear plastic film that is pretty easy to miss when you're unpacking. I didn't see it and was highly alarmed after a couple of days when the start button started to look and feel cracked! Further investigation revealed the protective film, which easily peeled off to reveal a pristine panel underneath.
None available.
At first we loved this microwave drawer and it seemed to do the core job of heating food just fine.  Then just over a year after the purchase date (when the builder bought all the appliances) the unit died.  No signs of life at all.  It had been in use for 3-4 months in total.  Microwaves have been around for a long time and most are pretty much bulletproof.  Not this one.  Reading the reviews it is obvious that Sharp has built a flawed product and is not standing behind it.  I have called them twice and asked about a product recall, and if they were going to escalate the product defect issues to their development team.  No response.  It's obvious that their customer service teams do not close the loop and provide feedback to their engineering and business teams.  For this price, this is an unbelievable rip off.  Yes it looks great, but it doesn't work much more than a year.  Now we're stuck, with the prospect of paying for service, and then waiting until it breaks again.  Since this is likely a low volume unit, the number of consumer complaints won't be adequate to force Sharp to own up to the obvious quality issues.
Great little microwave. It's the perfect size. It's a little underpowered, so a add 30 secs to most cooking times.<br />Small footprint and looks great in the kitchen.
I got this to save counterspace and the fact I only use the microwave for reheating small meals and popcorn.  It performs these functions perfectly.  It may not have the most power but if another 30-60 seconds of reheating time is going to throw your day off, you have bigger problems than this microwave.
I needed a smaller sized microwave to fit on my kitchen counter top, and I couldn't find anything smaller than a 0.7 Cu. Ft. in any store.  Since this one had so many good reviews, I decided to give it a try.  It not only fits perfectly on my tiny kitchen counter, but it is also the best microwave I've ever owned.  It fits regular sized dinner plates so it's the perfect size, and it heats up very quickly.  I would recommend this to anyone especially if you have a small kitchen.
Perfect fit for a tiny counter space. Looks great and does small reheats well. Interior space is not huge but fits a dinner plate snugly
This little microwave fits into the corner.  We have limited counter space and switching to this mircrowave give us back so much room without losing the convenience.  If you cook in your microwave it won't hold a 9x12 baker, so keep that in mind when deciding.
This is perfect for one plate! It nice to have a microwave big enough to cook a turkey, but honesty, who ever cooked a turkey in a microwave? This is perfect and the round design means it fits a plate in a very small space! I got one for my mom, too, and she loves it! She finally threw out her old huge microwave and reclaimed counter space! My only wish would be that it was a full 1000 watts (it's 750) just so it would match the cook times on most microwave meals and recipes.
Door doesn't always close right and although it is practically new, it sounds like it is dying.  Would not purchase again!
We purchased and installed the drawer oven in August 2010, while doing a remodel in our kitchen.  It was a more expensive option, but it fit perfectly in a location between our fridge and sink area, and maintained the contour of the kitchen we were seeking.  We use it at least two or three times a day, and have been very pleased with its performance, and we have not had any problems with it.  It does not have a turntable; however, our experience is it does the job just as well.  It is easy to get to and easy to clean.  It does not have a huge interior, so if you have plans to microwave tall items, check the dimensions first so that you are not surprised by that.  Overall, we have found it to be a very nice addition to our kitchen, and would purchase one again.
I loved this microwave's size and shape but in the last month (4/2016) I had two sparking incidents, luckily I was in the kitchen and got it unplugged quickly.  I just threw it out. Today I was looking online to see when I bought it (April 2013) and if anyone else had reported similar issues.   I see that there are similar reviews so don't think Ill buy another even tho I like the size and shape.   UPDATED 4/2016  it was hard to find a small microwave that didnt look cheap, this looks nice and works great, a keeper
It worked great at home. But we got it for our truck. But our 1500 watt inverter can't run it. So it fit great in the freightliner truck. But u gotta have a bigger inverter.
I loved the small size of this microwave, but the power was lacking. Furthermore, after we had this unit for 1 month, it would not cook anything longer than 2 minutes. The light would remain on and the turntable would continue to spin, but the motor would just shut off and cease cooking. We returned this product.
Same model that we had before with some cosmetic changes.  The old one died after 6 years.  Reviews placed it at over $160 for repair.  Bought the old one because it fits on shelf over the stove.  Bought the new one for the same reason.  Hope we get at least 6 years out of it.
I found it cheaper at Lowe's by $150.00. Too late now, it's too cumbersome to return.<br />It pays to shop around.
This is the perfect sized microwave for my kitchen. The domed shape works great on my smaller counter top. Would recommend it!
My wife wanted a smaller microwave for the counter top.  This was perfect --- at least for 28 days.<br /><br />On the 28th day - all the controls appeared to work but the unit no longer heated.<br /><br />Amazon's return policy was to issue a refund - I wanted it fixed so I contacted Whirlpool directly.  They stated the product had a full replacement guarantee for 12 months and that I would receive a call within 48 hours on how to get the unit fixed or replaced.<br /><br />It's now one week later - no response from Whirlpool and I can no longer get a response from them regarding the commitment they made me a week ago.<br /><br />I decided to contact Amazon about the issue.  Amazon is sending me a return label and issuing a refund.  (I should have done THIS in the first place and never bothered with Whirlpool).<br /><br />I just ordered my SECOND unit from Amazon --- I'm hoping this one will last longer than 28 days.<br /><br />I would give the unit 5 stars if it had not failed --- now only 3.  If the second one fails - I'll drop it to 1 or zero stars.<br /><br />I give Amazon 5 stars for service on this item.<br /><br />Joe
Love that it is off the counter, large, and works well.  I originally bought this microwave 6 years ago with absolutely no problems.  An electric failure in the house caused us to have to replace it, and without question, we bought the same one.
I have owned this Microwave for 2 years and have NEVER had a problem with it.I use it daily for cooking and warming food. I would buy this same unit again. It works great.I don't understand all the bad reviews?This Sharp was a good product.I don't understand where people say it has a loud noise while it runs? I have had a few different microwaves and the motor sounds alike on every unit I had.My sharp sits on my counter near the stove and it has a really nice appearence to it.I am very Happy with this Sharp Microwave.
A similar model that we got when we bought our home 6 years ago died and we needed the exact sized model to replace it because the old model was built into a non-adjustable shelve/frame above the counter top.  Searched websites and found what I wanted.  then searched Amazon and found one with the best price (@ Abe's of Maine)!  Quick delivery and the packaging/crating was extraordinary.  Would buy product again, and would buy from Abe's of Maine again!
I bought this microwave for my first apartment which has extremely limited counter space.  This tucks nicely in the corner that typically isn't usable space and allows me to still have enough room on the counter for food prep.  It heats food very evenly and fits a full sized dinner plate in it.  Even if I eventually move into a place with a larger kitchen, I'd likely keep this microwave since it works so well.
I needed a little oven that fit in the corner.  For size and convenience it works well.  I have found that I need to leave what ever I am cooking in the oven a little bit longer.  But it works well and no complaints about operation.
Fits perfectly in our countertop CORNER.  Fits in the &#34;dead space&#34; there.<br />It's on the small side, but it is perfect for our needs.
I have a tiny kitchen and was replacing an over the range microwave. I was looking for a space saver microwave, and I found it. It is large enough to handle anything my old microwave could do like day to day tasks of reheating, baking potatoes, and other small food items.
Exactly what I wanted! It's the perfect fit. Works just fine... Bye bye bulky hand me down... I'm handing you down, lol
It met all my needs regarding space, looks like a TV, works well and you don't need a college degree to operate. Very pleased with this products. Little pricey but worth it.
I had a rust spot inside my microwave oven.  Sanded it down, put on two coats of paint, fixed the problem and the rust hasn't come back.
I like this microwave, it is small and uses very little space in my small kitchen, but it is powerful. It is a good combination of quality and good design. Expensive but worth it
Looks great, works great. Took less than an hour to install. Was a little overwhelmed with instructions, but was easier to install than originally thought. Looks great in my kitchen and has opened up so much space in my small kitchen. I would recommend this product to anyone!
It's rather small on the outside, and just big enough on the inside.  Everyone who comes over thinks it's a TV.
Was great until I opened the door and the microwave inlet cover is (what???) CARDBOARD (???) which I touched and it bent and now am reluctant to use to microwave.  Waiting for Whirlpool to answer my questions about this cardboard affecting my food.  They said not to remove it.  Wondering if anyone has any comments about this.
From the moment I took it out of the box, it looked beautiful, fit perfect in my small newly remodeled kitchen and works great! I put some money into my new kitchen with a very nice looking back splash in tile and glass. I did not want my old LARGE white microwave oven taking up one entire wall. I don't use the microwave that much, so this is perfect.  It's not all that powerful but if you are buying something to heat things up or make popcorn AND you want style and beauty - this is it!
This microwave is fine. It is not great. It takes three and a half minutes to warm up a cup of coffee, but since that is its only function on our counter it is doing its job, just slower than some of the more powerful ones. Its size is definitely a plus and fits in a wee corner. Its not having more programable numbers is annoying as one has to hold the button as the time counts up incrementally, but for a cup warmer it will do.
I purchased this microwave and and a more expensive model ($200+) from Williams-Sonomo and this Whirlpool is a much better machine. The build quality is excellent and the veritcal-ness of it saves space on the counter. Had to return the Williams-Sonoma model.  The Whirlpool is perfect for heating plates of food and leftovers in medium size bowls.<br />At first, I missed the numeric key pad on my old over the stove model but the small size of this models doesn't allow for the large pad. However,, after a short time you get used to pressing the start button to add time in increments of 30 seconds. Super product that I would buy again and it looks cool.
Lousy Value - Stopped working after 2 years of relatively light use (1-2x a day). I was one of the unlucky owners of the previous version of this microwave. It worked fine for 2 years and then just stopped. Whirlpool wasn't too helpful - offered me a warranty that cost more than buying a new one. Then we wonder why we have a landfill issue like we do... Whirlpool should be accountable. I'm taking my money and buying another brand.<br /><br />When it worked, I generally liked it but the fan is loud and comes on by itself. I did like the auto defrost feature but I'm sure others have that.
We love this microwave. It looks great and has given us a lot more space in the corner where nothing but the old clunky microwave was. Our kitchen looks so much more modern and the microwave itself fits everything (including our largest dinner plates). Heating will require an additional 20-30 seconds but definitely worth the wait!!! Can't say enough about how cool it looks!
Like other reviewers, I had to purchase this particular GE Spacemaker microwave because it was the only larger one that fit into the existing built-in cabinet in our kitchen.  Other manufacturers are missing the boat if they think everyone wants or needs a huge countertop or above-the-range microwave, or a teensy weensy underpowered microwave. There was no need for the industry to completely change size standards for countertop models.<br /><br />That said, I've only had this microwave a few weeks; so far so good.  I like its features and performance.  It's a bit smaller inside than our previous full size GE microwave.  The previous GE fit perfectly in our microwave cabinet, but its magnetron went out in a scary way after about 6 years of use.<br /><br />So far, only drawback to new microwave is that the instructions say to keep the front of the microwave 3 inches back from edge of countertop so it won't tip over when the door is open.  Not enough space to do that in our built-in microwave cabinet, so have to be careful not to inadvertently put weight on the open door (with my hand), or the whole appliance starts to tip forward.  Don't recollect seeing that information in the description of this product on Amazon, so please be aware.
My mom bought this for us about a month ago and it's been a real pleasure having it in our kitchen. There are no extraneous buttons, just tap the START button for 30 second intervals. Everything cooks evenly and quickly plus it's small so it sits in the corner and looks like an old school tv.  I recommend this for anyone that just uses a microwave to reheat and cook smaller frozen food meals.
Had to replace 5 microwaves in 5 years - 2 GE and 3 Samsung microwaves that cost much more died premature deaths at my house, vacation condo, and GF's house. Bought 2 of these so far and the first outlasted the 5. Hope to have the same luck with this one.
Bought this at Christmas time to replace a GE Conv/Micro that cost $1200. This is the slickest microwave you could imagine. Works great and heats faster than the old GE; that cost 5 times more. If you want a SS Microwave, to go over your stove, and dont want to break the bank, I couldnt say enough about this one. It works flawlessly, and performs with the best of them.<br />With that said, I was very disapointed with the limited manual that comes with it, and owned it for a month, before I realized that that 99% of the info, that I was looking for, is on a label INSIDE THE DOOR JAM ?????????????????? There is NO MENTION of that fact in the manual; And all the codes, and info, I was searching for is printed right there on the bottom of the door jam; IF you know where to look for it!! So in closing this is a run to buy it purchase; and you will not be disapointed in the unit in anyway . Read all the codes inside the doorjam on the bottom and life will be good for you !!!!<br />Excellent plus on this unit.
This is a good product. It replaced our previous Profile Spacemaker II model which lasted about ten years.  We're not exotic microwave users and choose the Reheat feature 99% of the time.  The new model works well, although my wife thinks our previous model had a hotter reheat temperature because we more frequently have to press the reheat button a second time with the new model.  We also find the location of the Clear/Off button confusing and sometimes fumble around looking for it.  It should have been placed in an easier to find location, like on the top or bottom corner.  We like the turntable which our previous model didn't have and think it helps heat the food more uniformly.  Overall, we're pleased with this product.
Love this microwave. Product was Easy to install, and easier to operate. The first one we ordered came damaged. The process to return item was a piece of cake. The second one came (from a different company) and was packaged much much better. We used to have our microwave sitting on the counter. We remodeled our 1950 galley kitchen and only had room for a drawer microwave. We will NEVER go back to any other microwave. Well worth the price..<br />Love, Love , Love this product
This was the perfect microwave for my kitchen remodel.It is quite roomy. I particularly like the two stage fan and lighting features.
Fits perfectly in previous Sharp model space.  Heating seems the same as the previous model although this one states 850 watts and the old one said 1100 watts.  Exhaust does not work as well as the other model.  Fan seems to work same on low and high speed, no difference in sound or intensity of fan sound.  One would think the low would seem quieter.
We needed a small microwave for a small space, and this fits perfectly ... but:  very low power (takes a long time); not tall enough for many things (have to transfer contents to shorter vessels); extremely loud beeping that can't be turned off.
Bought this model to replace the one bought thru Amazon 6 years ago. It just died abruptly, thought it was a fuse but if there was one couldn't locate it. Buying the same model made installation a snap. Just hope this one lasts longer
Install went well but retrofiting the exterior vent was a chore but thats not a problem of the unit. Only had it up and going for a short while but so far so good.
this is the best Microwave I have ever had.  Love the size and the program buttons.are so nice.<br /><br />I use the Bake Potato button all the time.
Works as advertised. Easy to follow installation instructions and cooks great. Of course, the holes from my old 'Ewave' did not line up with this model.
This microwave does not heat as quickly or as hot as we would like.  It has some great features, but its performance is just not up to par for the price.
I spent hundreds more for another &#34;Name&#34; brand and this one is as good.  Cant beat this for the price I paid
I like the look, the ease of cleaning, and the fact that it does everything I need a microwave to do without taking up much countertop space.  The only drawback is that the interior is so small I sometimes &#34;bump&#34; coffee cups trying to put them in for re-heating, spilling liquid that drips straight down to the control panel.  After having a full size microwave, this one takes some getting adjusting on my part!  I gave it 4 stars because I can't heat pancake syrup in it, the bottles are too tall.  All other things I use it for, such as making popcorn, melting butter, reheating left-overs, etc., are just fine.
I purchased and installed the WMH31017AB, the black version of this microwave.  Pros:  a major consumer magazine rates Whirlpool tops in reliability.  At its price this is, as expected, a pretty basic microwave, but fulfills our needs.  It heats well, is (in black) quite attractive, the microwave and fan are quiet, controls are convenient for basic operations.  Cons:  one of the installation templates is printed on the cardboard packaging, the edges of which shred when cut, making the template difficult to use accurately.  The bolts supplied will not work in a deep cabinet and it took trips to four hardware stores to find longer replacements.  The instructions did not include an option to hardwire the electrical connection, so I had to swallow hard and cut the cord without knowing what I'd find once I had (turned out not to be a problem).  I exhausted through the wall, but there's an outlet for internal exhaust, and it opens upwards towards the ceiling.  And I mean OPENS.  There's no grid to keep small objects from falling into the body of the microwave from the cabinet above.  This is atrocious design!  I used some semi-rigid plastic screen and clear silicone sealant to protect this area.  The user instructions which come with the oven are totally inadequate, and Whirlpool's website doesn't seem to have any more.  Just as an example, it says to touch COOK, enter the number code of food item, enter quantiy, then touch the Start control.  But there's no list of food item codes.  I'd still recommend the microwave for those who are willing to deal with these issues.<br /><br />Update:  I contacted Whirlpool:  It turns out the food item codes are behind the door.  I guess I should have noticed, but it would be nice if the user instructions referenced this.  As I wrote above, they are very cursory.
Had this for about 5 years now after a Panasonic NN-H965WF failed within 19 months of being purchased new. No repairs necessary with this Sharp microwave, and the sensor still works great. Use that function and you'll almost never have to worry about underheated food.
As described by Phil, it is very easy to install.  A tip, as you cut the 4 small taps to get to the motor, put a small tool or wire in the door hole to keep in from falling inside the unit.  After you install the new motor, flip the door you cut out over, and the tab neatly fits the loop and the small screw hole lines up.  Use a small screw to attach the cut out door and it will be sealed from dust and dirt, as well as easily accessible if you ever need to open again.
I currently have one of these that fits perfectly in the space I have.  Bought this one again as a spare.  Just in case... and we know that case will come at the most inconvenient time.  Very happy with this 800W model.  Does my jobs.<br />  It is pretty good for my 1964 vintage wired house.  Too many things plugged in and too many watts required at the same time makes for too many trips to the fuse box.
Has been owned for less than a year.. started sparking and had to stop using.  Now shopping for a new one.
This microwave came with my new home and overall, I am very pleased with it. It is sturdily-built and has an attractive stainless steel finish and design. It does a great job at heating up and cooking food, and even though it may not have all of the features of a more expensive microwave, the features it does have, work well. I particularly like the turntable and the add 30 seconds button. The only downside I can think of is that it does not have the express 1 minute, 2 minute, etc. buttons. When it comes to a microwave, simplicity in use is key and this one definitely fits the bill.
Had 6 months.  It works fine as a microwave, but the control pad is a little small and you have to be careful where to push to get the button you want. Window is hard to see the food through, and it always fogs up making it even harder. I like the favorites program, but they should build in an automatic delay between stages. This is because if you program 1 min at high, and 1 min at 50%, you actually get about 1:15 straight high. A third stage would also be nice.  I don't like the push button door latch.  It takes a lot of effort, and if it gets dirty, is hard to clean because it pushes in 1/4 inch without any effort, making wiping it hard. It should have s simple handle.
I expected this microwave oven to be smaller than it is. I was hoping for a small microwave to go in the craft room for my wife because she spends a lot of time in there and her coffee often goes cold, and instead of having to get up and leave her work, she can reach over and reheat her coffee. I didn't want something that takes up a lot of space. Well, this is about as small as I've seen, but I thought there were smaller ones. We don't have a lot of extra space so we bought this one. It works fine, I personally don't like the bright blue LED clock on the front but my wife doesn't mind. It does what it's supposed to.
I have very limited space so the design to fit in corner is great. I only use for re-heating or defrosting so it is fine for that. Some of my dinner plates are too large to fit in it...so I use smaller plates for re-heating. I don't like the lack of number pad but I knew it didn't have one when I bought it. It DOES have it's own popcorn button...:)
The Motor fit perfect, works great, price was excellent.<br />Was much cheaper than new microwave A A A A plus
Plus - I've had this microwave installed for about 4 months now and I really like it.  It cooks evenly and in a predictable way...much better than the traditional turntable models.  The coolness factor is high and its easy for the kids to use.  I love how it fits in with my new kitchen.<br />Minus -  it's pricey for a microwave.  Considering, the price I expected it to have a few more quick features, like a 30 second reheat button (it will do 1 min).  The open/close mechanism is noisy and closes with a &#34;clunk&#34; .  The special cooking features are complicated to program so I have yet to use them.<br />Summary - It was worth the splurge.
It is installed, it heats/cooks still after 4 days.  wife is disappointed in appearance, but it looks ok to me.
VERY smelly!!!<br />Be sure to scrape all rust out with steel wool, paint scraper, whatever it takes. The directions were minimal...I googled for more information.
A very compact, beautiful and sleek microwave.  Saves a on counter space and will accommodate a full size dinner plate.
If you're looking for a space saver, this is the microwave for you.  If fits so well in the corner of the counter top and I have twice the space I had when my old bulky clunker was still on the counter.  I haven't found a plate yet that doesn't fit in the microwave and only one conatiner was too tall to fit, but even that wasn't critical...just used another container.  The power is suffiecient for warming and cooking most foods.  I do wish it had a few more watts; around 1000 would be perfect.  Over all the compromise in power is well worth the additional space.  Controls are very simple although, I do wish I could increase the time in more than 30 second increments.<br /><br />Service was terrific!  The first unit arrived damaged by the shipper.  Replacement was fast and problem free.
Looks great. But you have to press Open and Close buttons to open and close drawer. Very delicate product. It is uncomfortable, unpractical to press these buttons everytime. I am sure they will go bad very soon. I will not suggest anybody to purchase this product
Good product but customer service is lacking. Spent 36 minutes on hold after not being able to complete the online service request. Microwave heats food quickly and thoroughly.
Fits a cup of coffee, dinner plate and popcorn. What else do you need? Fits perfect in my cabinet out of site!
This product fit and worked as expected. For anyone wondering about how to install, there is a pattern of holes drilled in the bottom of the microwave around the turntable motor. To get to the motor, gently cut the metal between the holes to create a little door. Open the door, remove 2 screws then the motor, unplug old motor, plug in new one, drop new motor into hole, put 2 screws back. You're probably supposed to throw the &#34;door&#34; away but I bent mine back in there. Flip microwave over and plug it in, put turntable spindle back on and try it out. I recommend doing this out of sight of your spousal unit, and then take about 30 minutes to goof off. Then return microwave to spousal unit telling them what an arduous task it was but how you figured it out and saved the family $100.00. Should be good for at least a hug or a kiss or WHATEVER...
This microwave works well. I wanted a microwave to heat my rice filled heating pad for my shoulders. It does that and doesn't take up too much space on the counter. I am very pleased.
Wouldn't work.  Have to return it.  The word 'door' keeps showing up as if there is a problem with the door.<br />There is no problem.
When our old Sharp &#34;over the range&#34; started to die (14 years of service and the display had become very dim and door starting to crack with quite large chips falling off we decided it had to be replaced). Finding an over range (gas) with convection and a good extractor fan proved difficult and so we decided on this Sharp product. At 71 lbs and with different mounting points from it's predecessor it was a difficult installation task - could not have been done by one person on their own.<br />Once in place however it is the greatest ! It is better designed than the one before with 2 extractor inlets placed to handle the heat from the gas range very well , a large ceramic turntable that is easy to clean PLUS it can be selected to &#34;not rotate&#34; which permits bigger dishes to be used as needed.<br /><br />Best of all it has a &#34;keep warm&#34; feature that allows warming serving plates as well as keeping unserved food ready  for &#34;seconds&#34; without the whole reheat cycle.<br /><br />Great product - would have given 5 stars but for the physical difficulty of installation ( in fairness that would have probably been much the same for any brand)
We love this new appliance.  Just a few days before Thanksgiving our old one died.  I purchased a new one locally and after installation realized the door hinges are placed where we could not open the door more than a few inches.  Returned that one and went online and found this one at almost $100.00 less than what my local dealer could get it for me.  He agreed that I should order thru Amazon and not only did I receive it in less than a week, it fit, looks great and works perfectly!
Simple to use, spacious, and compact. :)  Been looking for a microwave like this for a while.  The only drawback is it looks a bit like a old TV on the kitchen counter.
The microwave in our new house had corrosion and under the turntable. I sanded and cleaned for about an hour then sprayed this paint. I did have a little overspray but it turned out pretty well. There's a spot that looks like I didn't sand and clean well enough but there is plenty of paint left in the can to re-do it. It's good enough for now and the paint is holding up well after a month.
I live in a small house (400 sf) so I don't have much room for anything. This may be too soon for a review (as I just received the microwave y'day) but so far it's just perfect. I love that the controls are on the bottom instead of on the side, as my microwave cubby is only 16.5 inches wide. I like the style and the easy setup, as well. It's perfect for an apartment, dorm room, or office kitchen.<br /><br />One thing to note - on the inside left wall (if you're facing the microwave), there's what looks like a cardboard panel screwed into the wall by the vent. There isn't anything definitive about what to do about this panel, and since it looks like it could possibly be removed, I called Whirlpool customer service to get some clarification. Long story short - don't remove the panel, it's supposed to be there.<br /><br />Other than that momentary confusion, I'm really happy with this product.
Item was what was advertised, in condition advertised and delivered on time. That's all you can ask of a supplier. You must prepare the area where you are going to use the paint. Takes a lot of sanding and preparing, but the result of spraying even coats is great.
I bought this microwave almost a year ago. Love it. Quality is good enough ( I do not use it too often). I really in love with the design.
This is a really nice little microwave!  Just what I was looking for.  No complaints.  It was shipped quickly by the supplier, too.  The controls are simple and elegant, and the surfaces are easy to clean.  I would buy it again.
And when that is the most positive thing you can say about an appliance you know there isn't much left to work with.  The power is lacking and the controls are confusing.  It's the year 2012, there is no reason to need to keep the instruction manual for a microwave oven handy so guests can use it.  I gave it two stars because it does free up extra counter space.
Motors turn at the correct speed and are powerful enough to power my project of a miniature barber pole and the price was good.
Loved this microwave when it worked...<br />I never had a problem with its cooking functions, lived/swore by the sensor reheat, and did what it was supposed to.  The problem I encountered was that after owning it for about a year and a half, it suddenly stopped working.  I'd set the time and hit start, the light inside would come on, the clock would count down, but neither the turntable would turn nor would the microwave actually start cooking.<br />I drove it to a Sharp certified technician, and about $65 later, it worked fine.  At least, for another year or so.  Repeated the process, paid another $65, and then it worked fine. This time, for another year.  Thanks to the economy, my Sharp certified technician lost his business, and now I had to drive it over an hour away if I wanted it fixed.<br />I brought it to a Sears service center, where they fixed it for about $50, and they said there was a problem with some kind of safety latch with the door.  This time, it lasted about 6 months.  I agree with other users, that every microwave on the market has some kind of issue.  It's time to accept the fact that we want these machines to do more than they could 15 years ago, and either the craftsmanship isn't there, or our appliances simply can't handle the demands anymore.  I guess 5 years is a decent lifetime now, sadly.
This product sucks ass when I received it doesn't work and have tryed and tryed to exchange it but whirlpool does not and will not stand behind there products
This is the second Sharp R-1405, Over the Range Microwave I have owned. The first one lasted 8 years and gave me excellent service. So I was thrilled when I found the same model still being produced. I snatched it up and easily installed it because the same install hardware was required and 90% of the mounting hardware was already installed in the wall above the stove. Not only that..The price was about $200 or $300 less than comparable over the range microwaves. An excellent product that gets the job done!!...I highly recommend it!
For some strange reason, my microwave turntable plate just cracked in half.  I didn't have a part number so went by brand and size and found the perfect replacement through an Amazon vendor.  The order was shipped quickly and our microwave is usable again.  We are very happy and would recommend the vendor and product.
When the turntable on my Sharp microwave stopped turning, I went on line to find a substitute.  Some years ago I had a turntable that worked independently of the microwave.  Simple device.  Works by winding it up, much like an old fashioned alarm clock.<br /><br />After Googling turntable, I came upon this little motor and thought &#34;Why not?&#34;, I can do this.  I know nothing about electronics, so I realized that by taking the microwave apart to make the fix, I might destroy it, but it wasn't working anyway so I decided to gamble and order the part.<br /><br />I very carefully opened up the microwave (after disconnecting it from the power) and located the motor that turned the turntable.  It was simple (fairly intuitive) to remove and replace, and for a very small amount of money, I fixed the microwave.  I've had this microwave for seven plus years and now I expect to get another seven, very possibly more.<br /><br />Overall...  one of my best buys on Amazon.
Haven't returned item because seem to be complicated return policy and not given clear answer on step. The actually ad is different than the actual product.
Needed a new stainless steel microwave. Works well, nice and big. It is only stainless on the front, black everywhere else. Works well so far...
Our over the range microwave died suddenly in our new home.  I was not the original purchase of this particular appliance, and it was over 10 years old.<br /><br />So I began looking for product replacement.  I found a Whirlpool model online that had some nice ratings, but when I went to my local big box store to purchase, they didn't have the exact Whirlpool model I had read about.  What I found, was this model, which I assume is the newest version.<br /><br />The microwave has a very nice finish.  The door and front feel fairly sturdy.<br /><br />Operation is simple.  I tend to hate overly complex controls.  I want power and simple controls.  This microwave meets my needs in this regard.  This microwave has lots of power.<br /><br />Now the bad.  The install.  This is my second microwave install.  My first being a retrofit of an over the range fan.<br /><br />My first install, and noticing the hardware of my current broken microwave.  The units are mounted by a rear wall bracket that holds the bottom part of the microwave.  And the top of the microwave is held by a couple of suspension bolts fixed to the cabinet.  The USUAL location of these bolts are the two front corners of the microwave.<br /><br />The rear bracket is usually the same size/shape as the rear of the microwave.  This makes it fairly easy to just place the bracket on the rear wall and push up until the bracket touches the cabinet.  No measurement really necessary.  This Microwave has a small bar hanger.  So you'll need to be very accurate with a measuring tape to figure out where the bottom of the Microwave will sit against the wall.<br /><br />I tend to not trust myself in this regard.  So I taped the bracket to the bottom of the microwave.  Held the microwave up against the wall, and had a helper draw a marking line with a pencil.<br /><br />The second negative.  Usually the suspension bolts are at the front corners of the microwave.  In mounting position, my current defective microwave has boltsin the corners.  I could have taken the other microwave from my other house and I suspect the holes are in the same position.<br /><br />On this microwave, one bolt is about 3 inches in from the edge (which is slightly offset).  The second bolt is about 7 inches in so it is offset quite a bit.  Both holes did not line up with my current microwave mounting holes.  So to mount this microwave I had to drill new holes in my cabinet.<br /><br />So take this into consideration.  I bought my unit as a floor model return.  I suspect it was returned for this very reason.<br /><br />Otherwise I've been happy with this purchase so far.
Used this microwave as a built-in. I had a specific width opening in some shelving and wanted the most cu ft and features in this width. Only been using it for a couple weeks however it has met my expectations. The body of this unit is black so if you are looking for an all stainless for countertop use this would not be the one.
This is the third model of this microwave I have bought.  Since I do a lot of cooking with my microwave, I enjoy all the features this one has:  particularly, the &#34;baked potato&#34; and &#34;sensor reheat&#34; functions.  Not only was I overjoyed to find the exact model, I saved over $70 on my replacement!  I was also pleasantly surprised when it arrived three days after my order!
This Whirlpool WMC2005YW 0.5 cubic feet countertop microwave oven is the best microwave we have ever had. We sold our house, where we had a built-in micro, and moved into a condo 4 years ago and bought a small Haier. The only thing good about the Haier was,  it was small, so when it blew out we had to go small again. I totally counted on the reviews for this micro and, thank you everybody, you are so right! I got the white one because my counters are white and it is so cute, just nestled into that small space. The best part is that it really works well. We feared making popcorn, which the Haier never, and I mean never, did well. Always burnt no matter what we tried. This Whirlpool made perfect popcorn at 2 1/2 minutes. We snack on it every night and the bag fits in perfectly with room to spare. It will fit a dinner plate easily and heats evenly. There is a 30 second button, start, stop, and a clock that also doubles as a timer. We have never used the auto buttons. I would buy this again in a minute.
fits well on countertop in small space. Works very well warming and re-heating. Works better that other microwave that was much bigger.
I needed a small microwave for my small kitchen and this one fits the bill. (Why aren't there more small appliances out there? Oh right, we live in the U.S., where bigger is supposedly better).<br /><br />Anyway, this microwave has performed fine so far (powerful enough for reheating leftovers in a timely manner). It doesn't heat very evenly, but in my experience, most microwaves don't. If it's soup, no problem, just stir. If it's a frozen burrito, the ends will be bubbling while the middle is still frozen. Annoying.<br /><br />However, the biggest complaint after having this microwave for just one month is that there is a thin layer of plastic over the control buttons and it is already scratched and peeling off in some places! Makes me concerned about the overall quality of this thing.
My old microwave (dating back to the mid-90s) finally bit the dust.  I was worried that I wouldn't find another compact microwave to replace it, but this one fits the bill.  It is small, but big enough for the needs of our 3-person household.  I find height to be more limiting that width in microwaves, and this one offers about the same height as a regular one.  It's not as powerful as some of the full-sized microwaves, but an extra minute of waiting is worth it for the small footprint.  It's attractive although the buttons are not terribly intuitive.  The rounded back works well for our needs, as it nestles into the corner even better than our previous unit.  After a few months of use, I'm quite pleased with this purchase.
I have been using this microwave for four years now without any issues. A nice deep oven with a really powerful fan. Good results every time I use it!
I purchased this to replace a much larger microwave taking a lot of counter space.  Since we only use a microwave to reheat food and pop popcorn, this microwave is perfect.  I held off using it for several weeks because the inside wall of the microwave had a rectangle piece of cardboard screwed into the side with a metal and some plastic screws.  I removed the screws and cardboard but there were no instructions to tell me to remove it.  Once removed, there was a rectangle hole on the inside wall that was next to the turntable plate.  My old microwave didn't have an open space.  My concern was that if I heat soup, it could run over the bowl and spill inside this open space.  It still doesn't make sense to me because the cardboard couldn't have been meant to be left in since it can't be wiped down when cleaning the inside of the microwave.  Oh well, this mini micro works great and heats everything we need to the correct temp using the approximate times I used on my old microwave.  Yes, I'd purchase this again but I'll also be purchasing a rubber mat to place under it because it slides around when opening or closing the door.
Had microwave for about four years and no problems, it was the only one you could<br />see to operate in my center island without getting down on the foor.<br />as for cooking it seems to cook better than my old one with a turntable
Very happy with this purchase. For the money, great product.<br /><br />I was a little concerned, because some had mentioned the clunky door, but I find no problems with it.
I have a super small kitchen and this microwave fits perfectly inside. It works great and looks pretty cool.  I was hesitant about it fitting a large dinner plate but it does!!! So, it works for all my needs. Maybe the only downside is that you can basically only set it in 30 second intervals but that is normally the type of microwave cooking I do anyway so it's fine for me.
We bought this microwave for our kitchen remodel partly because we also have this same unit in our motorhome.<br />The combination of an outside hood vent, range light, convection oven, and microwave made it a bargain as well.<br />The shipping was perfect. It was packed in 2 boxes, first the manufacture's styro lined box, then that box was bubble wrapped and boxed in a separate larger box.<br />The stainless steel matches our other appliances and looks great!<br />Thanks Sharp, Thanks Amazon
Everyone who visits my apartment always comments on how cool my microwave looks.  This powerful machine is perfect for the typical Manhattan kitchen.  If you are looking for a stylish, functional and space saving microwave - then buy this one!
i have only been using the product about one month but am very pleased so far.  it is well-designed and solves the problem i had of bending down all the time to access the microwave.  easy to install, looks good.  some reviewers have reported quality problems though i've had none so far.  i will update my review if it fails
I ordered this microwave to replace an over the over microwave we had that stopped working. We wanted something small since we realized we don't use on much anymore except for frozen vegetables and reheating coffee. We needed a small microwave that would fit in a small area. This was the only corner model microwave I could find anywhere online. It is very cute and looks like an old-school television set. The controls are very simple, there is no number pad, you use the + and - minus signs to adjust cook time. This microwave also has a built in timer  which was also very nice. At only 750 watts, it seems to cook at the same rate as out old 1100 watt microwave.<br />Although the price was  higher that a comprable-sized microwave, the size and shape make it worth the extra money.
I love this little microwave oven.  I just reheat food and cook some frozen dinners, so I wanted something that wasn't a counter space hog, was easy to open and easy to clean, and didn't have a lot of fancy options that I never use.  Previous reviewers have noted that the beep is loud when adding time, and that the seconds have to be added in 5 second increments (so there's a lot of pushing the + button), so I guess there's still room for improvement, but it does exactly what I want it to.  What I particularly like is the solid face without buttons sticking out of it.  Very easy to wipe clean, no worries about liquid getting into the circuitry.
I love this microwave.  It is the perfect size for a small space, it looks nice, and it cooks well for a 750 watt.  The first one I received would not latch and Whirlpool took care of sending me a new one and picking up the old one, even though I did not purchase it directly from them.
Have owned this microwave for about 2.5 years. Has been a great performer albeit a bit longer cooking times because of it's low wattage. However, about 6 months ago the interior paint began to chip. There is now about one third of the inside paint missing. Have read numerous complaints regarding this problem on other sites so ours is not an isolated incidence. Most consumer info that is available states that the chipping paint is not unsafe. I don't know about you but I don't prefer my food with paint chips in it. I'm sure soon it will start sparking from all of the exposed metal. Haven't replaced it yet as we can't find a replacement to fit our space requirements.
There is no brand name of the front of this appliance, which is nice because you can then pair it with your other appliances that may be a different brand. Which in my case was Whirlpool...just a note: Whirpool and Amana are one in the same.<br />I had it installed by a professional. I do not know if it was difficult to install. This is not a direct wire appliance, you will need an outlet in the cupboard above in order to plug it in.<br />So far no complaints. I have not had much time to use it...1 week since installation.
My wife wanted this item after conducting a great deal of internet research on it. I had been used to using a 10 year old microwave and did not think I would be that impressed with this new model. I was wrong. This is one of the best appliances that I've ever purchased.
Absolutely love it! Takes up very little counter space - large inside, great height, would highly recommend. Purchesed for a cleaner counter look and that is exactly what i have. Many compliments from guests; everyone wants to know where they can order one.
I received a Danby Microwave for Christmas 2011.  Less than 4 months later it stop working  I called the Danby 800# and was told what to do.  I did this and have not heard anything back.  I have attempted numerous times with no success on getting my refund.  Loss to my family of $85.00<br /><br />I will never buy another Danby product or recommend one.
I received a Danby Microwave for Christmas 2011.  Less than 4 months later it stop working  I called the Danby 800# and was told what to do.  I did this and have not heard anything back.  I have attempted numerous times with no success on getting my refund.  Loss to my family of $85.00<br /><br />I will never buy another Danby product or recommend one.
I received a Danby Microwave for Christmas 2011.  Less than 4 months later it stop working  I called the Danby 800# and was told what to do.  I did this and have not heard anything back.  I have attempted numerous times with no success on getting my refund.  Loss to my family of $85.00<br /><br />I will never buy another Danby product or recommend one.
I received a Danby Microwave for Christmas 2011.  Less than 4 months later it stop working  I called the Danby 800# and was told what to do.  I did this and have not heard anything back.  I have attempted numerous times with no success on getting my refund.  Loss to my family of $85.00<br /><br />I will never buy another Danby product or recommend one.
After installing a new double oven to replace a single with a microwave combo I was left in need of a countertop microwave. It had to be small so as not to take up counterspace and I needed blue display lights to match all of my other appliances' light displays (things like that annoy me). Black or silver...all my appliances are stainless and my granite is black. This is perfect. Fits in the corner and easy to use. Looks like an odd little tv...which I like since I like quirky looking things that do their job. I boght several other microwaves these past few weeks- pure stainless...blck...larger...even the nostalgia retro one...all went back...this one is perfect. I don't do major cooking in a microwave and if takes a few seconds longer, well, it really does not matter as we are all in too big of a rush anyway:)
This arrived incredibly fast and features were as advertised.  However, do be aware that the height is listed as 15 and 1/2 and this was a primary consideration as I was replacing a microwave in a tight space.  Sure enough, the front is 15 and 1/2; however, the unit slopes to 16 and 1/2 at the back.
kids love to use it wife does too. Works under bar. it is a perfect space saver. hard to break! Love it.
Purchased Jan. 2004.  Just stopped working 6/12. (I'm guessing the magnetron blew.) Just past the 7 year warranty for that part, so after researching several other microwave ovens, I will replace with the same model.  I hope they are using the same manufacturing process.  (One problem early on was fixed quickly and with full support of customer service, under warranty.)<br /><br />Pros:<br />I have used this microwave daily, usually several times a day for 8 years.  In contrast to one reviewer, my ceramic turntable is as clean as the day I got it. (Yes, I take it out and clean it whenever it gets a spill, either in the dishwasher or by hand.)  Couple of spots on the inside of the unit.<br />I like the clean appearance of having a unit without any handles on the outside.<br /><br />Cons:<br />Not be the roomiest interior.  Listed clearly in the specs.<br />Exhaust fan doesn't seem to do much of anything, but I live in a NYC apt that is not set for external exhausting.  So my installation is a 'recirculating' one.  I'm glad I have a large window right next to my range.<br /><br />N/A:<br />I haven't used the special settings too often, so can't remark on them.
I don't find this microwave any noisier than others I've owned. I also find it very easy to use even without reading the instructions. So far it heats food evenly and is pretty powerful. Great basic, affordable microwave.
Replaced an existing OTR microwave that had a burnt out magnetron. It's been several months since install, and I am still very happy.<br /><br />1) Carousel works.<br />2) Has a convenient 30 second or single button push for 1-9 minute intervals Can warm up small dishes or teas with the 30 second quickstart.<br />3) Nukes food up really quickly.<br />4) Very easy to install. Even with a old house, I used the printed template to drill guideholes and place in the retention frame. Took me two hours, and I was able to pop it in place all by myself.<br />5) Vent does a good job at sucking.<br /><br />Got it in fast, and in great condition. If you need a cheap replacement, this is it.
This is a great small microwave. It fits in a small area. Replaces an existing. This works much better. Do recommend
Two days in and I couldn't be happier with this purchase. Small foot print, excellent build quality and yet holds a full size plate. It's also the quietest microwave I have ever owned. You can barely hear it. The LCD is super bright and the controls are so easy to use. I love how the entire front sure is flat - makes for really easy clean up. I would so buy this again and again.
Whirlpool's description of this microwave is spot on.<br /><br />The only thing that would be nice would be a numeric keypad, but there really isn't space given the compact design.<br /><br />We have oversized dinner plates, and they fit in here with very little to spare, which means this microwave is perfect for us.
We bought this mainly because it had to be the same size as our old one, to fit into a space in our cabinets, and this was the closest. A bonus was the turntable, which my husband really likes.  It is larger inside than the old one, and more powerful, in the same space!  We have used it 4 months now with no issues at all.  The door does close and open rather hard, so we ease it closed, otherwise we love it! The controls are very easy to use.  We had a bit of trouble installing it, we could not get the bottom slots in the microwave  to slip onto the bracket, so we just bent the bottom of the bracket so the microwave sits on on it, and it is screwed to the cabinet from the top.  A good choice if it becomes available again.
I purchased the Danby as a gift for my nephew who has a small apartment. I selected it mainly due to the price (less than 60 bucks at walmart) and the fact that it takes up little counter space. Although I was not expecting much in terms of features, I've been really impressed with this.<br /><br />It offers a wide range of programming features. There are 6 one-touch buttons so you can set 1 to 6 minutes of cooking time with one key press. It also has an add 30 seconds feature that can be used at start-up or while the microwave is already running. There are also a host of timing options for cooking and defrosting.<br /><br />It looks really nice - much better than I was expecting. Pretty decent stainless steel trim on the front and the handle, and a black casing. Looks like it cost a lot more. Easy to clean, and the handle keeps fingerprints away from the front. One difference from the picture -- the key pad is all black, and not white and black as in the photo.<br /><br />The 0.9 capacity is just right. I also have a 0.7 capacity machine, but that has a problem with any dish that's larger than 11 inches. The 0.9 gives you a decent amount of interior space, but doesn't take up much more counter space than the 0.7.<br /><br />It has 900 watts of power, and does a good job of heating foods quickly. The interior light is bright and comes on when the unit is running or the door is open. Reasonably quiet when it is running - typical noise level for a microwave.<br /><br />Can't speak to reliability as of yet, but it comes with a 12 month warranty that is extended to 18 months if you register it online.<br /><br />Great machine if you're looking for something that is small, but still very usable. Highly recommend.
Perfect replacement for my old one.  It is deeper than my old one but not to an extreme.  I can nuke larger items now.
Bought to fit in an 18 kitchen base cabinet, hidden behind a door. 1000 watts would be better, but this is the only choice for my requirements. I like the simple controls, as I use it only to rewarm leftovers and melt butter and chocolate.
I've had a white one for 21 years. I had to install a new cap for our new range vent. Anything that lasts that long with no maintenance makes the purchase decission a no-brainer. Only issue is that it only comes in black, but a Rustoleum White spray can will fix that. Oh, and it's kind of hard to find in stores. Finally found a Lowes close to my work that carried it.
Just purchased this microwave and it is so loud that it seems like there is a semi tractor trailer idling in my kitchen. We could neither hear the television nor have a normal-volumed conversation with it on.  Everything else on the unit seemed great, but won't get to explore them as we will be returning it.
I bought this fridge for my college son who lives on his computer. The only setback is that he says it doesn't accomodate larger cans of drinks. Other than that, he says it is the coolest invention!
I received the item before the expected date-package and it's contents were intact, no issues at all with delivery.<br /><br />I used it the day I received it; after reading the many helpful hints in these online reviews, it was very simple and easy to use. It works great for me, for small loads in my apartment-I live alone and don't have large amounts of laundry to wash.<br /><br />The tube they supply to fill up the tub didn't fit onto my faucet, but I have a plastic pitcher I used to fill it (three pitchers full, easy peasy). When in use, it sits right on my kitchen counter and the drain tube empties the water directly into my sink. The Panda is fairly quiet, if I have music or the tv on, I can't hear it at all.<br /><br />It's really been a huge help to me, and I use it often. I am planning on getting a mini-electric dryer as well, then I will only have to visit the laundrymat once a month, if that. I highly recommend the Panda-it's just so darn cute, and works like a charm with small loads.
Not many reviews about this Danby unit. I replaced another 900 watt Hamilton Beach unit with this one. The main reason was the H-B unit light was off when the door was opened. Aside from that it was a good unit. I gave it away.<br />This Danby does have the interior light on when you open the door. This makes it easier to remove hot beverages without fumbling and spills. It is somewhat louder than the old one. It makes a humming noise when running. All make some noise, but this is almost annoying.<br /><br />At 900 watts you can expect moderate cook times. The table turns slower than others. The old one made one revolution in 10 seconds. This one takes about 13+ seconds. No big deal, but when heating a cup of coffee, the handle might be in the rear of the oven when finished heating. In other words, it was easier to use multiples of 10 (like 60 seconds) and have the handle of a cup right there in front.<br /><br />Aside from that it runs fine. No comment on quality since it too new to judge. At these lower prices they are pretty much throw-aways when they die. Like the other reviewer this unit was purchased at Walmart. I buy lots from Amazon and have alwaye been highly satisfied with service and products. It was simply cheaper at $73 total price with tax.
Always had Sharp microwaves - the first one lasted about 10 years, this model lasted 3 and died today. The lights are on, the timer goes down but no turntable, no fan, just doesnt work.<br />I know they wont last forever but 3 years is a bit too less.
Bought a Sharp Microwave Drawer one and a half years ago. Barely used it - warming leftovers once a week and softening butter a few times. Started to make funny noises and gave off an electrical smell. Because I bought it from an American Supplier - Sharp Canada is saying I have no warranty and suggest that I send the microwave to a family member in the US to have it repaired. This is ludicrous. Sharp US says I have to deal with Sharp Canada. To get it repaired here it will cost $286. Either way it will cost a small fortune to repair.
This is the first 1,200 watt microwave I've ever owned. It took just a while to figure out I didn't need things to heat as long, but once I figured it out, it is the best microwave I've ever owned. The only drawback I have is I wish the completed beeper was louder. Other than that, I am thoroughly satisfied with this microwave.
If you put something in this microwave that is too tall (its easy to do because it doesn't have the same height as a regular microwave) it will knock it over when the motorized door closes.  It also does not have a spinning turn table so you have to rotate food.  Initially thought the motorized door was cool, but it takes a few extra seconds to open and close which can be frustrating.
Everything so far seems to be working great.  We've only owned it for a few weeks but other than it being just a bit noisier than the old one we replaced, we are very happy with it.  Also the power is the same as the one we replaced it for but it seems to take about 15-20% longer cooking time than the old one.  The size of the microwave is larger than the old one, so maybe that is the reason it takes longer to cook.  Other than that I would still buy the same microwave over again if I had to do it all over again.  Great deal for the money.
We bought this oven based upon our son's usage of an earlier model.  There aren't that many drawer microwaves available.  Why buy a drawer microwave?  Well, the most important reason is that my wife wanted one in our new house!  Her arguments were as follows:  1) no need to lift or inspect foods over her head, 2) made space for a vent. While microwaves can generally be vented from the front or the above (top), our new house didn't have any vent.  So, all cooking fumes were vented into the room.  With this oven, we removed the cabinet above the existing microwave and installed a stainless steel vent hood (above the range).  Still, not perfectly ventalated.  I had to modify a base cabinet near the stove to accept the drawer microwave.  Not a problem for me as I am a woodworker, but a problem or extra costs for others.  In addition, I had to add an electrical outlet.  Not a problem for me as I am a retired electrical engineer, but maybe a cost for others.  After the installation, simple enough, the drawer didn't want to stay closed.  That is, you push the close button and the drawer closed but re-opened immediately.  I was about to call for service but I did the following:  push the drawer closed manually, that is by hand.  This seemed to work and then the automatic closure mechanism started working okay.  So, no service call required.  The only shortcomings I see are that the power is not as great as our prior microwave and that there isn't a rotating table.  Dispite this, we are happy with this model so far after about a year.  Shorter people may like this oven a lot, and, it is REALLY COOL!  So, I would recommend this oven.
I love this microwave.  It takes up barely any space on the counter, and the cord is well hidden behind it.  It works fine for just heating things up and defrosting.  The only thing to be aware of is that this really is a tiny microwave. You can fit a full size dinner plate, but there is not a lot of height inside.  I couldn't use my microwave rice cooker in this because it was too tall, so I had to purchase a counter top rice cooker instead, which doesn't seem to work as well.  Other than that, this microwave looks good on the counter and does the job.
The Haier Microwave was exactly as discribed and installed easily. It replaced a 10yo Hotpoint over the counter which began the fail and finally threw electrial flashes and died. As a low cost replacement, the Haier was the best I could find.
Good quality product.  Installed well and works great.  Some reviewers commented on the way the door closes, but I have found it to be just fine.  Hopefully it will last a long time.  I would recommend.  3/2013 Update:  The microwave has worked flawlessly for the past year.  Very pleased with it.  With lots of use and much by teenagers, it has shown to be sturdy and solidly built thus far.  It also cooks very efficiently.  Still happy and would still recommend.
This is a great microwave. It works great and it looks beautiful. I actually purchased mine online from walmart, but I order from amazon alot and wanted to put my review here for all of you. I've had mine almost 2 months now. It has a 3 prong grounding plug. It's 900 watts and heats things up a lot faster than my other microwave, so I'm still getting use to that. I'm going to try and address everything I see people asking questions about. First off, when you hit a number, for example 2, it will automatically start cooking 2 minutes. You can press the start button and add 30 seconds. If you want a specific time, for example 3 minutes and 45 seconds, you can press the power button, then the numbers, 3,4, and 5.  It will start cooking 3 min. 45 secs. It has a lot of buttons for specific items like popcorn, pizza, dinner plate, defrost, etc. It has a normal hum when running. It has a turntable. The clock is displayed in green. It beeps 5 times, not super loud but loud enough, then stops. The light comes on when you open the door and while cooking. It has an easy to use child safety lock to lock the door. I've not had any problems with fingerprints on the exterior.The handle pulls easily. It has a nice weight to it. I have mine on a cabinet with grip bottom shelving paper under it, so I don't know if it would slide on a smooth surface or not, mine doesn't.  The inside dimensions are 12 in. wide, 12 in. deep, and 8 in. high. The turntable plate is 10 1/2 in.  Plenty of room for most things you microwave. For the outside dimensions, the width (side to side) is 19 in., the height is 11 1/2 in. The outside dimensions given for depth includes the slight protrusion in back and the handle. The actual microwave is 13 in deep without the handle and protrusion in the back. Here's the best way to let you know the depth to know if it will fit on your shelf or wherever else you put it. I have my microwave sitting on a cabinet which is 1 in. from the wall. I have it sitting 1 1/2 in. from the back of the cabinet. The actual protrusion is about 1 in from the back of the cabinet. There are vents in the back (and on the side opposite the handle-left side if you're facing the microwave) plus the protrusion, so it needs some space. This means I have it 2 1/2 in. total from the wall. It comes out 15 in. from the back of my cabinet. The front legs sit back 2 1/2 in., which means that it is 12 1/2 in. from the back of my cabinet to the front legs. So, if your shelf is 12 1/2 in. deep, the legs would all fit on the shelf with the protrusion being 1 in. from the back of your shelf. I have the extra inch from the back of the cabinet to the wall, so if you don't, you might need your shelf to be at least 13 to 13 1/2 in. deep to give you more vent space. I think this covers everything. I think you'll be satisfied if you purchase this microwave.from the back of the cabinet. The actual protrusion is about 1 in from the back of the cabinet. There are vents in the back (and on the side opposite the handle-left side if you're facing the microwave) plus the protrusion, so it needs some space. This means I have it 2 1/2 in. total from the wall. It comes out 15 in. from the back of my cabinet. The front legs sit back 2 1/2 in., which means that it is 12 1/2 in. from the back of my cabinet to the front legs. So, if your shelf is 12 1/2 in. deep, the legs would all fit on the shelf with the protrusion being 1 in. from the back of your shelf. I have the extra inch from the back of the cabinet to the wall, so if you don't, you might need your shelf to be at least 13 to 13 1/2 in. deep to give you more vent space. I think this covers everything. I think you'll be satisfied if you purchase this microwave.
I ordered this Microwave to replace my 15 year old GE microwave/vent hood which had finally given up the ghost (after multiple repairs). I was pleased that I could install it myself using the templates and instructions included. It has fewer features than the expensive model it replaced but it works quite well and includes all the important features including the ability to use the existing vent or to vent into the room.
This item works great, was pretty easy to install and matches our kitchen. Exactly what it says in the description, arrived on time. We have no complaints whatsoever with this item. I would definitely recommend it!
I bought this particular microwave oven because it would fit in the space over our stove and the price was very good. It's worked well, without any problems since I bought it a few months ago. My only complaint is that you can't have the timer going and cook something in the microwave at the same time. I've never had a microwave that couldn't do that so that's a little disappointing.
I looked everywhere for this microwave.  I had the same one a few years ago and wanted the same one in white because I wanted  to match it with my new kitchen.  It is not too big nor too small.  It was the perfect depth for my shelf in my kitchen.  Reliable appliance!
it works
The first time I used it, I was disappointed with it, but I don't know if it just got better, or if I pushed the wrong button the first time because it's been great since. Nice and roomy interior, easy to install (I did it completely by myself, though I recommend you have a friend). I did forget to change the fan so that it vented up at first, so I had to take it down to do that, but once you get the frame mounted on the wall, that part is easy. The hardest part was mounting it to the cabinet above... I'm not sure how they could have made it any easier though, the problem is mostly a matter of physics.    I would recommend this to anyone needing a decent power microwave to go over their range.
Like and earlier reviewer I was looking for a replacement for a 5 year old cabinet installed JEM31 but could not find information about its compatibility.  I can't comment about the reliability but it's a drop in replacement.  I used all the same hardware including the faceplate from the old microwave.  As a bonus the unit seems a little more advanced also.  This unit is installed in a 12 inch cabinet which is a rare installation and I'm grateful it's still available.
I have had this microwave three years.  The only problem I ever have with it is that the door sticks sometimes.  I just have to tug on it every once in a while.  The oven works consistently and does everything it should.  The defrost stops intermittently to tell you to turn things over or separate them or whatever.  That is sometimes helpful and sometimes not -- If I have just one chicken breast in there to defrost I have to hit the button to resume defrost about three or four times.  I do respond by turning the chicken over one of those times.  I defintely recommend the microwave.
This microwave came with our new home. It can be vented outside or inside- ours is vented inside and there is always grime on cupboards above our range where the outlet is, and we really don't fry that much. So plan to vent this outside or do a lot of scrubbing. The fan is VERY LOUD, so if you like to have a conversation anywhere in the house while cooking, this may not be the product for you. Again, this might be better if vented outside. Microwave itself works good, defrost function is handy.
Danby model DMW111KBLDB will heat for less than a minute then shows an error code and stops.  Bottom of right side gets very hot.  Brand new, returning it for sure.  Perhaps another brand will do better.     Danby promotes themselves as one of the largest household appliance marketing companies in North America.  Aren't they the manufacturer of this product?
I have been shipped TWO of these microwaves and they were both DOA. Different issues. Sharp might consider testing them before they leave the factory. I won't purchase another sharp microwave. The customer service was slow and did nothing to help me. I could haul it to a local service center and they said that the tech might be able to fix it while I waited but I've been to enough service centers to know that this is not likely. I'm not happy at all.
My daughter had a GE microwave/oven combo. The microwave had the infamous GE flaking paint interior problem. The cost of replacing the integrated units to correct the microwave was very steep. So I bought a can of this paint to see if it would work.<br /><br />To my amazement, it did! Now it wasn't easy, I had to degrease the inside of the oven (TSP), then sand it by hand and some machine for about an hour to get all the base paint solid. I used PaintStriper sanding blocks, 60 and 100 grit, the followed up with some 150 grit paper. Then I had to mask the oven opening with masking tape, paper, and a cheap plastic tarp to beware of overspray.<br /><br />Pro - Followed the directions on the can, and sprayed away! It worked and is still holding up 3 weeks later. So about $35 in material has, so far, stopped a very expensive (hundreds of dollars) oven replacement.<br /><br />Cons - The paint is acetone based so ventilation is a MUST .  Pick a day when doors and windows can be open and I would get the kids out of the house. The paint does dry very fast in about an hour.
Great product.  Fits perfectly in the space we have for it and works like a charm.  Sleek and effective!
The microwave looks good, but stopped heating after 2 months.  I am on hold now with Sharp customer service. The space saving design is nice, but don't like waiting for the drawer to open/close. The controls being 4' off the ground are tempting for my 3yr old.
this microwave is incredible!  very quiet and the convenience of a drawer is great!  easy to use and to clean!
My Sharp drawer microwave is so much more than I even hoped for.  It is convenient.  The button to open and button to close OR easy pull to open or easy nudge to close and it finishes opening or closing by itself!  Love that!  I had to REPROGRAM myself to go easy to get it opening or closing, then let it finish all by itself.  I was impatient because it takes 2 seconds rather than 1/2 second that I used on my previous microwave to jerk it open or slam it shut.  It's good for me to slow down for 2 seconds!  There are more single cook options than I have used yet. I really like the push START once to get one minute cook time, 2 pushes for 2 minutes, etc.  Can do the same to add a minute while cooking.  SENSOR REHEAT and SENSOR COOK buttons are useful, but as in prior microwaves, I have to still keep a check on how it's cooking.  It seems to cook evenly, but I probably will get a windup turntable if I can still find one.    It holds a 9x13 pan with room to spare.  The 1000W power cooks fast.  Love it!  Love it!  Love it!
I wanted a microwave that took up as little counter space as possible, had sensor cooking and was easy to use.  This one fit all that criteria and had a bonus:  a Beverage key which I use a lot to heat water to the perfect temp for tea.  This microwave is perfect for my needs and I'm very happy with it.  The only downside is that the quality is only average.
This unit is a replacement for an identical item that arrived with concealed damage.  I notifed Amazon around 3pm the day it arrived and received word that a replacement unit had been ordered and it would take several days to process the order.  Two hours later, I received notification that the replacement unit had been shipped!  It arrived at 9:15 the next morning!  Outstanding customer service effort by Amazon.    This microwave replaced a 2002 Sharp model identical in size, power and other features.  The first thing I noticed is that it takes 30% to 40% longer to heat compared to the older model, even after 8 years of use.  This is across the board, not just on certain items.  Also, the keypad has been reconfigured with the start and stop buttons situated in between rows of other buttons instead of separated from other buttons as on the older model.  The buttons are also smaller and it is easy to push the wrong button if you get in a hurry.  I will say it is a more attractive unit and a lot quieter than the older model.
After our old Microwave died we started searching the market online and in stores.  I purchased Consumer Reports for microwaves and then searched for them on Amazon to read the customer reviews.  The top ten rated had horrible customer reviews.  So then decided to search from the bottom of the list up, and this is when I found our next microwave.  Loud was the only beef with this microwave.  Now in our house loud with all our kids is nothing compared to a microwave.  Basically if your trying to sleep near by this microwave then maybe it would seem loud.  But the 1200 watts cooks everything super fast, even heat with the turning tray is awesome!  This is used several times a day and after a month no complaints!
My husband & I were looking for a microwave for my daughter & her husband for a Christmas gift.  This is the same brand that we have & are very happy w/ it.  This is exactly what we were looking for & so happy to find it @ such a reasonable price.  Their home is nearing completion & they are so excited to install this microwave & start using it.  Our daughter said that she just loves the modern look & knows that it'll look wonderful w/ all their other stainless steal appliances.
We replaced our 15 year old GE Profile Spacemaker with a new updated GEProfile Spacemaker Microwave Oven.  It is basically the same one with big subtle improvements.  I am probably the only one who used the old microwave with all of  its bells and whistles.  I am amazed at how updated these items are today.   Forinstance to cook fresh vegetables just load them in and push the veggie button.  Somehow it senses when they are cooked to perfection and not rubber.  I cooked a  perfect scrambeled egg in one minute, stirring once.      We oredered the undermount hardware just because.  Guess what?  Since we replaced  the identical microwave the old mount fit perfectly. Oh well.    I really would have loved it in stainless steel but didn't see it offered.    I do hope this gives us another 15 years but at that price I am not too worried  about the track record. The first GE over the stove microwave I bought 30 years  ago was $600!
We've owner this product for several years now.  It looks nice and works great.  Amazon handles the shipping of this heavy product with ease so you don't need  to be concerned about it getting to you in top condition.
We have had this microwave for about a month and absolutely love it!  Well worth the price.  It is super convenient, you can see and stir the food without removing it from the oven.  Cooks evenly and quickly.  Easy to use and clean. Very attractive, a conversation piece as well.
After owning a previous Sharp microwave/convection oven I bought this one.  Installed 5 years ago and still just as pleased as the day it was installed.  Excellent even microwave and oven performance.  Highly recommend this product.
The installation dimensions in the install guide are exactly right.  I worried about trusting them, but they worked very well.    Looks real nice, works well, and was very easy to install.    One issue, When the drawer closed, it made a squeeking sound.  I figured it was going back into the box and getting shipped back.  We called Sharp and they sent out a technician who diagnosed the problem and ordered a replacement part.  We'll have to update if things go south with that, but so far, I appreciated the customer service.    Four stars because of the squeaking drawer, but not one star because the customer service was so good.
Microwave is very spacious; works well and is very powerful...  We love this unit.. Arrived with faulty circuit card; would not heat up.  Sharp Warranty personnel were here within 2 days and fixed it.
The Microwave works beautifully.  The installation instructions left something to be desired, but we figured it out.
We installed Sharp model KB6524 in June 2009 during a kitchen remodel. Every appliance in our kitchen is new and this particular appliance is my favorite due to the uniqueness and convenience of this model. This microwave has exceeded our expectations in every way. One of the reasons we bought this microwave was that we needed a microwave that would fit under the countertop so our kids could reach it. It is also nice that the door slides open and I can reach down to lift out the food instead of having to reach up at face level and lift food out and down. I liked the unique concept of a drawer that pulls open instead of a door that pops open. I was a little concerned about reviews on earlier models that the auto open and close function on this microwave has a tendency to break. However, it seems that Sharp decided to manufacture this one so it closes with a button or by pushing or pulling on it to eliminate that problem. I was also concerned that it didn't have a piece in it that rotates the food. So, we were surprised to find that none of the food we have cooked has hotspots (note: I only use my microwave for reheating...not cooking). I LOVE this microwave. I had considered purchasing the 30 but decided that it was unlikely that I would need to put a dish in the microwave that was bigger than 24. So far, this has been the perfect size. It is even tall enough that I can put my portable mug in it to heat up my tea. Also, my lovely daughter did not know that you can't put metal in the microwave. She put her fork in with her plate. Surprisingly, the microwave did not arch. We checked the manual and it said you can even use aluminum foil to cover portions of meat. Not sure how they do it, but I'm not likely to try it. The microwave seems fine after the fork episode. This microwave also has programmable features such as softening ice cream. It asks what size of ice cream then sets the time as appropriate. It's a nice feature but I'm not usually softening a whole tub ofice cream. Just a portion of a tub. One other feature I use frequently, pushing the power button after closing the drawer will turn on the microwave in one minute increments. As an example, pushing the button 3 times will equate to 3 minutes. This is a pricey microwave but has been well worth the expense in our experience. I highly recommend this microwave!
I have had this microwave for 1 year now, it has broken 3 times and Sharp has been terrible about getting it fixed under the warranty.  Opening / shutting the drawer is very sensitive & therefore the drawer stops working.  No turntable which means you need to manually spin your food around as needed.  Overly complicated directions.  Too expensive for what you get!
This Sharp Microwave is Great for a Family. Its Large size is a big plus.  Easy operation and nice finish and very powerful.   We had an LG oven before and it is a JUNK ! It lasted only 2 years.  Our old Microwave was a Sharp also and its still working after 20+ years!  My rating A+++
I have been unable to find filters that fit this microwave. I ordered some through Sharp and they didn't fit.  Sharp told me that I would have to get a service man out to install them.  The service man could not install them and he called Sharp and was told that there was a design error and there were no filters available for this model.  Sharp would not reimburse me for the expense of the service call.  Otherwise, it is a great microwave/convection oven.
I bought this microwave to replace my previous Sharp R-1449.  This one is deeper, more plastic, and slightly more powerful.  It seems reliable (only have had it 6 weeks), has a good vent and good stove lights.  I wish it had a night light and a switch to stop turntable rotation though one can get around it by removing the turntable. My biggest disappointment was that it utilizes a different mounting plate than my previous Sharp microwave.    I gave it four stars b/c it does the job and it was inexpensive compared to other manufacturers. Incidentally, mounting instructions were very good.
I've selected this model, because it is the only convectional microwave oven that fits my kitchen. Other models require some extra space in front of the microwave on the left side, to be able to open the door. It is not a problem for most kitchens, but if you have a deep cabinet to the left of the microwave that extends in front of oven, Sharp seems like the only option. Sharp has put a smaller door that starts about an inch from the left side of the microwave, so it opens freely.    So far I was not disappointed. I'm mostly using the microwave mode, convectional mode. It cooks well, and the menu is rather intiutive - what else do you need? Auto reheat works well and produces consistently good results. I was not getting very good result with mixed mode (oven + microwave) though.    There are some faults in this model, that I think Sharp should've done better, so it only got 4 starts:  1) The menu system could be better. E.g. the Start button on most microwaves also serves as 'Add minute' or 'Add 30sec', but here it would not do anything - one has to use dedicated 'Add minute' button. I got used to it, but my guests can't easily find this button.  2) The fan is very very loud. It has two speeds, but even with reduced speed, it is very loud. It does not look extremely powerful either.  3) The range light is generated by two small incandescent bulbs. I would expect energy efficient fluorescent lamps or LEDs for this high-end oven. They could've perfectly fit a long tube there, but have instead put old unefficient incandescent bulbs.  4) The interior is stainless steeel, but it is not very smooth, so it takes some effort to clean the microwave.
great microwave at great price.  i bought one from amazon.com last month for $199.  it arrived in one week.  no shipping charge.  looks great.  works great.  installed easily.  (professionally installed for $65.)  nice clean lines.  easy to operate.  hit the button once for one minute.  hit it again for each additional minute.
I had to buy this model microwave because my kitchen built-ins were constructed to fit an earlier Sharp model in this line. I loved the old one, even though it only lasted 9 years, but this one has been a tremendous disappointment.   First off, Amazon does not tell you until AFTER your purchase that they subcontract out delivery to a third party who prohibits you from speaking with the driver via his cellphone and thinks nothing of dropping the ball re customer communication: I wasted an entire day waiting for a delivery man who did not ring my bell as instructed and had instead delivered it to my super, which no one bothered to tell me. The delivery was an extremely frustrating fiasco.  Amazon needs to take more responsibility vis a vis decent delivery services.   Next point of disappointment:  I paid two men to install this monster.  (It's practically 80 lbs. and impossible to install solo).  So they get it in and fitting properly into the drop-in shelf designed to hold it. Then comes another surprise: Every time I turn it on, it makes a tremendous rattley racket not unlike a jet turbine - nothing at all like the smooth, quiet operation of its predecessor. This noise is so loud you can't even think about listening to NPR or a fellow kitchen occupant during the oven's operation. If I press firmly on the door of the microwave while it's on, the noise mutes, but who can stand in front of the microwave pressing on it every time you  zap a potato?  I'm not sure if the ace delivery company rattled something loose inside this particular appliance, or if this series model contains a design flaw, but the noise is really horrible.   There's more: I was very impressed with the ease of baking in this oven - the programming is  simple enough for a liberal arts major to grasp quite easily. But every time I use the convection function (closely following all the instructions re appropriate containers, elevating the foodstuffs off the rotating plate, etc.,) the oven gives off a menacing odor exactly like you sniff in a terrible electrical fire. There is nothing in the manual concerning either the noise issue or the smell issue.   I'm in NYC, where there are very few options when searching for a specific appliance (I tried to find one locally that would fit my shelf space), but if I could have, I would have previewed this model at a local retailer and seen how it worked there before springing for such an expensive lemon. Because this behemouth is such a hassle to remove and install, it's the kind of thing which, if you do buy it, you should buy with a guarantee of local on-site service. So far, this oven's cost me $1,000.
We are very pleased with the Sharp Microwave.  It works very well,  has easy to follow directions and looks great.
We've had an earlier model range hood style Sharp oven for five years.  We've had to replace the circuit board and it has gone through three door handles.  There is no one in our household who misuses appliances, so the door handle problem---plastic that is not strong enough to withstand the pulling pressure of the door catch--- simply shows the inferior quality of Sharp parts.  I've actually hoped that the oven itself would stop working so I'd have a legitimate reason to replace it; I can't bear the idea of throwing out a functioning appliance.  This is why I give it 2 stars.  But this machine will have cost me $150 in repairs if I replace the broken handle again.
We bought this microwave 2 years ago.  It worked well during that time, but it recently stopped working.  We were warming up some food when the microwave started smoking.  When we opened the door, all we could smell was the stench of burnt plastic.      After waiting a day for the smell to clear out, I tried running the microwave with nothing in it.  After 10 seconds, I opened the door and could again smell the burnt plastic.  On the right side of the microwave behind the metal grate where all the wiring is, I could hear sizzling.    The internal wiring was melting and that was causing the smell and smoke.  In searching for a new microwave to replace this one, I read in Consumer Reports that Sharp brand microwaves are a repair-prone brand.    As other reviewers have stated, this is a good, basic microwave.  But, if you are expecting it to last for several years, I'd select a different brand and model.  Frigidaire, Whirlpool, Maytag, Amana, GE, and Kenmore (Sears) all get good ratings for reliability from Consumer Reports.
I have never owned a convection oven before. I love it! Living in the south and only cooking for 2 people, why heat up the whole kitchen!? It's so easy to use. I bake everything in it now. I also use most of my Pampered Chef stones in it for even easier clean up!
Bought the Sharp R-1874 in November 2006 and immediately noticed that the entire unit appeared to be of flimsy construction.  Now the door will not seal properly and it will only work in the micro or convection mode if the user continually keeps pressure on the latch.  A ridiculous situation.     Sharp USA was no help and a repairman gave me a $230 quote to fix it.
This appliance works much better than my last sharp. As for noise complaint I didn't find it to much different than my old microwave. Only bad part about stainless steel is that you see all the fingerprints everywhere. Really liked the speedy service.
After too much research, I settled on this terrific microwave.  Every brand of microwave seems to have a malfunction-no help horror story. So in the end, if you chance having a microwave at all, this one seems better than most, if not all.  It works splendidly without any problem with noise or mechanical parts. My experience with Sharp Carousels has been 5 stars.  At home and work they have been dependable, efficient, good looking, and inexpensive.  Both the 2.0 and 1.4 cubic foot Carousels are commodious enough for large casseroles. When I designed my kitchen twenty years ago, I made two below-counter cabinet spaces to tuck in a medium and a large countertop microwave. I bought Carousels and have used them simultaneously almost daily.  They have been great workhorses.  The smaller one lost some of the digital display to no effect a few months ago, then made nasty little arcing noises last week and promptly was sent out to pasture. Last year I bought new stainless steel appliances (including Bosch dual fuel slide-in range-- the dream machine), and so I chose the stainless steel Sharp R-408LS Carousel 1.4 cubic foot/1100-W with a 14 inch turntable from BJ's ($99) as a replacement. The match with the other appliances was so good that I replaced the 2 cubic foot/1200-W with Sharp's R-520KS microwave as well. The display pads are lightly different, but better than losing size in the 1.4 cu. ft.  The Carousels match the Bosch oven door design remarkably, including the rounded window corners.  My kitchen looks better than when it was totally new with this addition. Knowing that these two new appliances are untried in the long term, I can only say they are 5+ stars as week-old additions to my kitchen. The microwaves do everything I want powerfully and quickly. The cost, especially with Amazon Prime shipping, closed the deal.
For the price I don't think you can beat this Sharp microwave.  I just wanted a basic microwave that did the job.  I was replacing a countertop micro that was rated at 1200 watts and I was concerned that the rated 950 watts of the Sharp would be inadequate.  My fears were groundless as the Sharp functions every bit as fast the older one.  I like the sleek appearance without a protruding door handle.  They recommend two people to mount this oven, however since I didn't have help available I was able to easily mount it myself with a little thought.  If I were to rate it down for anything it would be that the mounting instructions are confusing in a couple of areas, mainly in the venting info.  All-in-all a good buy.
I feel that there is a design flaw in this product. The SENSOR REHEAT button it just below the STOP CLEAR button and very easy to push by mistake. This very thing happened to our Microwave oven on January 27 2008, after a few minutes we could smell burning plastic, I ran into the kitchen and found the microwave smoking and after unplugging the unit I found that the door seal had a melted hole in it. I feel that an automatic feature like SENSOR REHEAT should not be an AUTO DESTRUCT! This could have become a very serious situation by starting a fire or having melted plastic stick to someone. I did not have the original receipt because it was a gift in 2007 and it is not worth paying the shipping charge to send it back, I wanted to inform you of this dangerous condition. We have replaced the microwave with another Sharp R402JK without the SENSOR cook, we have always liked sharp products and it is sad that this unit failed to live up to the Sharp reputation From Sharp Minds come Sharp Products  Sharp refused to honor the warranty saying that it was a consumer fault  by running the microwave with nothing in it. I feel this is a very dangerous flaw, you can just lean against the control panel and the unit will start up and run untill it melts.
You will be surprised at the amount and size of food this oven will accomodate.  It cooks everything from meatloaf to pound cake evenly and locking in juices.  I bought this because my other Sharp over the range microwave gave up after eleven years of constant use.  I was used to the Sharp features which made it the logical choice.  At the same time, I wanted to replace my conventional oven (also 11 yrs. old) because it never baked evenly.  With the Sharp micro/convection combo, I no longer have to replace my conventional range oven - I'll use it for storage.
We purchased this itme for a family member for Christmas. They love it. Said its the best microwave they ever had. They love the one touch features as well as the large cooking area. Would recommend if you want a dependable and spacious microwave.
I bought the Sharp R-520KS Microwave to replace my old White Westinghouse that stopped working after Thanksgiving.  I did alot of research before I bought this one.  I was worried I wouldn't find a microwave that worked as well as my last one.  The good thing is that I could finally replace my white microwave with stainless steel to match the appliances in my new house.  Now I had an excuse to replace it.  I was looking for a powerful 1200 watt microwave large enough to fit large dishes in, and this one had some of the best reviews, a decent price, and the stainless steel look I wanted.  I also needed a counter top model since I have no under cabinet space to put one.  This microwave works great!  I also like how the control panel doesn't have elevated buttons making it easy to wipe clean with no chance of food or anything getting stuck in the buttons.  It has some nice features like the hot water button (you tell it how many cups to heat), minute plus button, keep warm setting, and many others.  I've probably used the hot water and minute plus features the most.  There are sensor heating buttons, reheat buttons, and defrost buttons, although I haven't had a chance to use them as much yet.  The ones I have used so far work great!  My only minor complaint is the same as everyone else's, the buttons all look the same and the start/minute plus button and stop/cancel button are located in the midst of all the other buttons making it difficult to distinguish them quickly.  Not too much of an issue, but it would have been nice if those features were located on the bottom or the corner of the display and were different than the others.  It wouldn't keep me from purchasing this microwave since everything else is great and I'm sure I'll get used to them soon.  The microwave is also pretty large, so you can fit alot in there.  I've heated a cup of water and a dinner sized plate of food at the same time.  All in all, this microwave works great, looks great, and was reasonablypriced.  I would definitely recommend it to anyone looking for a nice looking, powerful, counter top microwave.
We got this through Amazon and have been very pleased.  I do recommend that you open the box and inspect immediately upon delivery, especially if it is during the holiday season when shippers use a lot of inexperienced people. Our first unit's box externally seemed fine but the interior packing was pulverized and the unit was obviously busted up.  Amazon replaced it and our second unit is still running strong.     I love this - I could write a tome.  The convection oven not only bakes and roasts, but setting at 100 degrees, I use it for raising bread, and 150 degrees, I'll bring a steak or roast up to room temp before searing and cooking. I think at 150 degrees it's faster and safer than having it sit on the kitchen counter as recommended in my cookbooks. I'm a better cook!    One warning about a dual-use appliance like this, which should be obvious: when you are using it for one thing it is not available for the other.  I wouldn't want to be without this unit, but I also have another microwave and I feel I need both. I would say I use the two, in tandem, nearly every evening.
I had a same model of microwave which worked for me about   4to 5 years very good and that was the reason I ordered the same brand and model again .  the new one so far has been very good too but the one way blocking door over the exhaust fan was noisy which I swapped it with the  older one and fixed the problem overall is very good and I like it.
this was a great buy!! I read the other reviews and they are right on the money. Easy to put up but it goes easer with two people but one can do it and everything you need is their and it works great.
I never got to use this microwave oven because the door would not stay shut.  I had to send it back.  Darn.  Amazon was very helpful and took care of my problem.  I am pleased with Amazon's service.
Earlier Sharp microwaves have been great, but this model beats the others we've had in features and speed--and this newer model cost a lot less. We haven't yet used all the features this microwave affords, but  we know we're going to be saving a lot of cooking time
Great help in the installation, smaller oven size than ge or sears. Display could have larger numbers. No handle to open door.
This Oven is GREAT. It'll cook anything and fast too. It's a little pricey but you get what you pay for most of the time. This time I did. Stick a hot dog, or some potaoes or bacon in there and push the right number and presto you have cooked food. We had baked chicken the other night and it was brown, done and tasty. I love the darn thing. I give it a high five.
Love it! Love it! Love it!  My Sharp microwave of 10 years finally died.  It had survived numerous moves and the door was actually held on by strapping tape.  We looked around at other microwaves and found we couldn't beat the price for all the features offered by this model from.  This one was built with the same quality as my old one and I don't doubt it will last as long.
My Sharp convection  over the range mirowave is perfect. Other brands have a protruding handle, {could hit tall people in the face} the handle on my new Sharp is flush and much more stylish. My husband installed it, the instructions were great. Sharp has designed the shipping box to be used as a lifter and holder to assist the installer.  <br />The best thing was the excellant service from Amazon, and I saved over $200. Thank you Amazon and Sharp!!!!
This microwave works pretty good.  The sensor cook is awesome and will reheat or cook items almost perfectly.  The only bad thing I've seen is that it's got a rather large footprint.
We really like this microwave but more we like how easy it was to get it from Amazon.  It really has a good convection oven, although is somewhat noisy with the fan.  It was very easy to install and came with very clear instructions.  Amazon delivered it quickly and it was the best price as anywhere.
This is a great microwave, especially with the $25 discount Amazon is offering on kitchen purchases over $125. But let me tell you why this purchase was extra special. I was concerned about buying a microwave that had to be delivered (size, weight, fragile, etc) rather than from a local store .  But the selection at local stores like Best Buy was so bad, I placed the order. Unfortunately, the day it was supposedly delivered by UPS, no microwave arrived. I called UPS to see if I could start a tracer, but UPS told me that Amazon had to start the tracer because they sent the package. I went to the customer service site, couldn't find a phone number, and used the e-mail system. I thought - great - that e-mail will disappear into the ether, I may never hear from anybody, and here I am without my microwave.  That was about 8pm local time when I sent the e-mail. <br /> <br />The next morning when I checked my e-mail, I got quite a surprise. An Amazon rep wrote back, apologized my package had been lost, and re-ordered the item for me. Before too long, I had an e-mail the item was already shipping via 2-day delivery, and sure enough, 2 days later I had the replacement package. Wow! No hassle, no waiting, just great service. I couldn't believe it. I don't think I'll ever hesitate when I want to order something from Amazon again. I don't work for Amazon, they're not paying for this - I've actually never written a product review before. I was just so impressed with the customer service, I had to write. <br /> <br />The final chapter - the day before the replacement microwave arrived, the person who lives in the next cul-de-sac over from us, with the same house number, and with a street name similar to ours, showed up with the original microwave that UPS had mistakenly delivered to them. I wrote Amazon customer service an e-mail, and once again after a very quick response, I was able to arrange for UPS to come pick up the extra package.  Thanks Amazon.  You're great.
This microwave was a replacement for a different brand.  But for $169 (and I found an online coupon to boot) it was worth every cent spent.  Granted, it doesn't have all the bells and whistles my old microwave had, but what do we generally use a microwave for...reheating, defrosting and popcorn...so why spend the extra cash? <br /> <br />Installation was not quite so easy as others indicated as I was replacing a different brand, which meant drilling new holes in cabinet, and installing a new bracket behind the microwave, but still, for the money saved, well worth the effort.  It does not come with a charcoal filter so be prepared to buy one separately if you are going ventless (do it at the time of purchase if you can find it on Amazon so you can save the shipping cost). <br /> <br />The rating I gave is due to the lack of features...basic microwave with few extras, but the price made it 4 stars! <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br />
I love it.  The only problem is the popcorn button is not set long enough to complete popping the popcorn.  It is only half cooked.  The convection works great and much simpler than my previous combination Convection/Microwave oven
DOESN'T HAVE ALL THE BELLS AND WHISTLES AS MY LAST SHARP OVER-THE-RANGE MICROWAVE, BUT IT WORKS FOR ME.  TURNTABLE HAS NO ON/OFF BUTTON, SO IT IS ALWAYS ON,  INSIDE IS A LITTLE SMALLER WIDTH-WISE, BUT STILL FITS 13X9X2 PAN OK. PAID $169, FREE SHIPPING AND NO TAX.  GREAT DEAL.
I was a bit put-off by other reviews critical of packaging, delivery, installation problems, and quality.  In my case at least, Amazon and Sharp scored 100% in all categories.  I do find that a small hydraulic jack helps immeasurably when single-handedly positioning the unit during installation. And the manual was misleading regarding exhaust fan orientation.  It's often the case that manual updates lag product improvements.
I bought this on Amazon to replace a Sharp microwave, which has served me well for several years. Based on the price, compared to other with similar features, this unit is the least expensive. I was also impressed with the comprehensive directions for installation. I am closer to being Tim (the toolman) Taylor than a professional at home improvements, so I followed the instructions with precision. The results were outstanding. Not only does it look GREAT where my old stove hood used to be, it passed my popcorn test, of which, I am particular. No scotching, full bag, satisfying and an extra plus, while I am beaming over my accomplishment, the beep sounds indicating the popcorn was finished, the display read Enjoy. Am I ever! I have in my digital locker,courtesy of Amazon, my own .pdf manual. What a great investment in money for the microwave and the time for installation of the unit.<br /><br />Solidly built, looks great, came with lightbulbs for range light INSTALLED! No cons, but could have used some help with installing, as the manual recommends 2 people install, but I did manage nicely by myself. I would suggest an additional set of hands for final insertion, once preparations are complete. I have only owned this for a day, but, I wanted to tell my tale to give others an incentive, if they are on the edge, to jump at this opprotunity to snazz up the kitchen in a big way and for little out of pocket.<br /><br />Panasonic wants like $300 for a comparable unit. I am pleased to pay 1/2 as much and get a quality unit such as this. You can even get this for $25 off before January 31st, free shipping (this dude is HEAVY!) and no tax, do the math, it is a steal!
When we were remodeling our kitchen we decided to replace our Sharp countertop convection microwave with the over the range model. I really miss the old one. This new model seems to be a lot noisier than the old one. I went from 1.5 cubic feet down to 1.1 and it feels like I lost a lot more room than that. The hood light is VERY dim and the replacement bulbs (2) each cost at least $4 a piece if you can find them. Because we had to vent this into the kitchen we had to sent away to Sharp for a charcoal filter that cost $20 (filter plus shipping and handling.) We had planned to vent it to the outside but the vent didn't even come close to matching up the hole from our former range hood. The cooking turntable is white and very had to keep clean. It is only a month old and is very stained already.  <br />I do like to have the cooking area at eye level.  <br />I researched the price for comparable items on the web before buying and Amazon offered the best price as well as free shipping. I am very pleased with Amazon!
One week after installing this over-the-stove, convection microwave, the stainless steel interior began to look spotted. A white cloth rubbed on the area revealed rust which continued growing like a severe rash on all surfaces of the inside. Sharp authorized a local service rep to make a housecall and examine it. He concluded the metal interior's defect, whereupon Sharp said they would replace (but not pay for reinstallation of) the unit. Removing the defective microwave and reinstalling will cost me $140!!! That wipes out any savings incurred by ordering online. Sharp's customer service will not compensate. I would have been MUCH better off buying from my local retailer who would have changed out the piece without charge in a situation like this. Live and learn. It is more than one month after the inspection and I have not received the replacement (said to be on back-order but still available online!!!).  <br />Aside from the interior cosmetic defect, the microwave looks great and works fine.
I see many disgruntled people who have had shipping problems. Sharp  does not put enough packing materials in the box to ship these VIA Post-Office or UPS. At 85 lbs The seller needs to Double Box these and add more packing material and then send via FED-EX or DHL at a higher ground rate and customer will be fine. Thanks <br />thecloseoutking
I ordered one of these on line. It came in promptly. I found that it was bent on the bottom, bent on a piece of stainless steel across the front and the vent damper that came inside the oven was damaged. This appeared to be a factory sealed unit. <br />It had to come from the factory like this. Possible the bottom was bent somewhere in shipment ranging from the factory to the shipper. Since I got it on Friday, I went ahead an installed it thinking that Sharp would simply send me the parts as they were screw on simple replacement parts. I was wrong. First Sharp said they did not warrant cosmetic damage. I told them it was factory shipped that way, please send parts. They said NO! Ship it back to who I bought it from. I, after much argument, had to take it down and send it back. This ended up costing the seller shipping charges which they paid. I felt this was not right as Sharp could have easily fixed the problem. The shipper did not have another unit in stock, so I got a refund and ended up buying another brand locally. The foam in bottom of carton was very thin (none in middle), thus, subjecting the unit to shipping damage. I had a Sharp before this one that never gave any real problems, but their customer service really sucks!  <br /> <br />My advise to you is to carefully check ANY microwave oven you buy before you leave the store or install it. Apparently the factories in USA or Korea do not do this before they ship them. <br />I finally got my replacement oven installed, but it was the third unit to get one that was not bent right out of the box.
We ordered one of these and were shipped an open box/customer return. The bottom of the unit was dented and the interior was dented. It made a humming/vibrating noise during microwave operations. <br />Amazon shipped us another unit which also was an obvious open box/damaged customer return. Looks like people are dropping these during the install, then returning and the factory/warehouse people aren't even refurbishing them.  It was easy to tell it was already used since the exhaust vent was not set to the factory default of recirculating.  <br />It isn't Amazon's fault, in fact they were so quick to ship another unit(2nd day fedex!).  I wonder if other vendors are seeing this problem...  I love the way this looks over my stove, but it looks like they wont be sending another one due to the problems with the warehouse.
I do not have this particular microwave; though I do have a Sharp 1100 Carousel and feel compelled to comment.  Originally I had another Sharp model.  After about six mos. the door would not close properly.  With a little shoving you could get it to operate but I found that a bit alarming.  Walmart (where we puchased) let us exchange it for the above model.  After less than a year a couple of the keypad numbers do not function - I have to choose another number.  It's such a shame that what you thought was a quality product you could depend on is no longer.
I purchased this item for two reasons, 1) because this is a Union Made microwave assembled in TN (the only American made microwave I've found)  and 2) It has a convection oven that can double as a 2nd oven.<br />The styling on this unit is very nice, sleek and not overcomplicated, it enhances the look of my kitchen.<br />The microwave cooking is simple, with built in functions for thawing frozen items or popping popcorn, etc.  You punch a button, it asks you how many steaks you are defrosting or how much popcorn you are popping and it does the rest.<br />Convection cooking is new to me, but the manual and recipe booklet that come with the unit have already produced salmon steaks with a white wine/basil sauce and cooked a pizza.  I've found that in the heat of the summer I can use this oven vs. my gas oven and it cooks faster and doesn't heat up the house as much.  There is also a function that combines microwave and convection cooking to get meals done even faster... there are so many things this machine does, I've yet to figure them all out.<br />A nice feature, you can turn the turntable on/off depending on whether you have a round or rectangular dish.<br />The unit runs on regular 110 voltage, so no complicated rewiring.<br />GE, Kenmore and Samsung all have similar units -all made in Korea, all for the same price or more. I chose this microwave because I was tired of complaining about outsourcing of American jobs and wanted to support a company like Sharp that is still making some of their units here in the USA.
