x
giant, way too big. sizing is way off. needed to be returned.
purchased this product 20 months ago for my 3rd child and am just now writing a review because i wanted to see how it held up. i still use it everyday for my 19 month old. it is very sturdy and convenient. i rated it 3 stars because when it first arrived i checked the material that holds up up the poles for the different stages and it was coming apart. i wanted to send it back but didn't have time to find something else. i sewed it to reinforce myself. so far that has worked fine. i also wish they sold replacement padding because things happen and it is empossible to find something else the same size if it needs to be replaced
the brush unscrews just above the handle (it stores a small air vent brush inside) and after about a week of using it, the brush would come apart at the screw every time i used it. i wasn't unscrewing it to get the air vent brush since i have one out already, it's just a week point in the design. couldn't use it anymore after a week unless i just used the top brush part without the blue handle section - very disappointing. had similar issue with the regular (not deluxe) dr. brown's brush, which rusted and broke in half just below the top brush section after only a couple weeks. got a munchkin brush and it works great!
didn't work at all
these bags make it obvious why the lansinoh bags are so popular.<br /><br />cons:<br />- the medela bags are nearly impossible to get zip closed, and i can never seem to do it without getting milk on the top and air inside the bag.<br /><br />- they are also horrible for measurement. what looks like 5oz on the bag is actually around 4oz if you measure with a medela bottle. i'm not sure how to get the bag to stand up with milk in it and hit the 5oz mark correctly.<br /><br />- the idea of pumping directly into a bag is fantastic. but i exclusively pump and routinely get 4-5oz from one side, which makes pumping precarious because these bags are nearly full with that amount.<br /><br />- the medela bags do not freeze flat. they are thicker at one end, which makes these bags a space hog in my freezer.<br /><br />i'm only using these medela bags until my new box of lansinoh bags arrives in a couple of days.
the quality is not good, i don't think it will be safe for my girl, will return it.
these nipples leaked pretty badly.
good cleaning cloths
had a small stain
i bought hits basket to store magazines and newspapers. it looks very nice in our living room - i really like the espresso color which blends in perfectly. the size, however, doesn't work well for me- it's much smaller at the base compared to the top and this reduces storage capacity. i also feel the quality for the price is just okay- could have been better. overall, the color and style of this basket goes very well in our living room, otherwise i probably would have returned it for a better quality product for that price.
i think these deserve a bad review because they most certainly don't stop anybody from flinging their food around. the suction is pretty much non-existent. if these were marketed as plain ole toddler bowls then they would get a four star review from me. but that's not why i bought them. there are plenty of cuter, better options for plain toddler bowls. and so these sit mostly unused. but they do make good bath toys ;-).
these stage 2 nipples are different than the stage 2 nipples i have at home.  the hole isn't as large so it's a lit harder for my baby to get the milk out.
i want to remove the sticky mark on the yellow one when i want to use it for kids. it's broken immediately. i use the blue one, the snap cannot be locked. the quality is very poor.  waste money to buy.
trees were smaller than i thought but made them work.
designs are cute but the velcro doesn't hold up with frequent use - even with hand washing only.
i'm glad that these gave our bottles a second life, but i wish they were hard. my daughter likes to dump her bottle upside down and press the sippy spout into the couch, releasing water everywhere.
works great.
in 2011 we purchased this cradle. we used it with our daughter post nicu from one month (after she was released) until 3 months. from 3-5 months it was used occasionally, but being a 10lb baby she didn't have much growing room.<br /><br />at the three month point i had my gallbladder removed and it was too difficult to get her out of this at night post surgery so we began co sleeping.<br /><br />we didn't get to use it how we imagined but we kept it in case we had another child. so for the next three years it was properly stored.<br /><br />in 2015 we had our next child, 9lbs at birth he was smaller so he fit more easily in the cradle. he used it a decent amount in his first three months and slowly tapered off as the four month sleep regression kicked in. then we went to roll it from beside our bed and crack. one foot bend in under the cradle. so now we have to take this thing apart and junk it because it broke. we barely got a total of 6 months between two babies and it broke. seriously?<br /><br />now we are using a co-sleeper in its place. which is what i would recommend. or just a small second crib like the sniglar from ikea. something. even a gulliver from ikea would be better financially.<br /><br />i'm disappointed that for $160 we got 6 months of use. maybe.
this is just a hair trimmer.  it shaves hair off, but i cannot imagine it is permanently removed.
not worth the price!  i ordered silly tails, there is no story to it just describes the tail ( ie- shiny tail).  others have mentioned these books have a battery, this one does not so it does not make sounds....other than crinkling. i was hoping the tails could be removed and matched or rearranged.  so i am a bit disappointed with my purchase.
to small, hard to fit 1 inc folder. needs to big just a little bit bigger to fit the basic school supplies.
bought it when baby was 6 months old. didn't like it then and doesn't like it now when she is 9 months. the chair just does not seem comfortable. ended up buying bumbo.
i can't say anything about the content, because i didn't get to look through these books or read them with my toddler. i took them out of the packaging, and got a nasty cut from the sharp edges of the pages. i'll be returning them.
hi everyone, i just want to take a moment to say that this monitor is truly a piece of garbage. do not buy this monitor. i have three children and have owned a few monitors and this one is effectively useless. seriously, it's a $150+ paperweight. the signal does not stick and we have a very small house. i've tested it and even when i have it 10 feet away with no obstructions, the signal will still go in and out. summer should be ashamed of this product. parents have way too much going on and we do not want to waste our time and money on junk like this. if this review prevents even one person from buying this device, my time will have been well spent because i will have saved someone from experiencing the pain of owning this farce of a product.
gets the job done...
it's just to big, it falls off the door handle. i thought it would fit around my door nob but it doesn't
love it!
the scent is not what i prefer.  the powder is good.
it gets the job done, but it's also a bit flimsy.
pretty color, not very sturdy. quite small compared to other mats. will do only for infant or tiny toddler.
i am a huge fan of the summer infant play yard that this product goes with but this canopy is absolute junk! we bought it to shade our son on the beach during vacation and it broke the very first time we used it!! save your money!!!! completely unsatisfied with this purchase!!!!
do not buy this for your child! it isn't safe.
we had a &#34;normal&#34; marathon 5 years ago and loved it.  this seat is impossible to &#34;easily&#34; install.  it's bulky and heavy, and impossible to clean.  i am really disappointed with the clicktight addition and wish i could have my plain britax back.
it dispenses bags well and with ease.  when you run out, you can put a new roll of bags in. its not spectacular in any way, but it gets the job done
i purchased it for my dogs, but no interest on their part.
this potty is awesome in theory.  we've only used it three times (my little guy isn't quite ready to fully potty train), but now it randomly has the &#34;yay&#34; music go off at random times even when no one is sitting on it or in the room with it.  there is no moisture or anything else for that matter in the toilet so no reason for the music to play.  very frustrating and confusing for a toddler you're trying to train to  use the potty.
I am sure these are great, but my son did just fine from day one with the bigger pacifiers.  I don't see a need for these and he didn't care for them.
does not work that great!
The medicine pacifier hole is too big for my newborn. The thermometer pacifier is nice but my son is picky about his pacifier nipple size so he tries to spit this out. Great concept though.
only stays wound for a minute. but otherwise it's very cute and colorful.
i like the concept, but the stickiness of back wears off. i've only had this for a week, and the one i used on my cabinet below my kitchen sink came off already. probably won't buy again
i regret buying this item for 2 reasons:<br /><br />1. it does not fit in to my dr. brown's 4oz bottles.<br /><br />2.  the soap dispensing feature, which prompted me to buy this in the first place, does not work well at all!
dangerous  it a choking hazard  for baby's  before  you even put them on they fall apart
i ordered the red set. i received purple and the seller says that there is nothing wrong, and that product is as described. i sent them pictures and they apparently don't see the difference between red and purple. they are literally arguing with me about the color. my butterflies look nothing like the picture, not happy at all.
i purchased the item for my 8-month old son and he loves it!! he's now able to move around the house freely and you can see the joy of 'independence' on his face every time he moves off. i had hopped for more activity items on the walker (i.e. lights etc.), but other than that - it was a good buy and offered value for money.
we bought this because of the design and the price, but we have quickly learned that the good looks aren't worth the trouble.  like another reviewer said it is very easy to trip over the legs.  also, the arm straps are two big and there is no way to adjust them to make them work.  at 7 months our daughter is in the 95th percentile for height the arm straps are hanging loose.  now to cleaning, food gets stuck everywhere and mostly under the cushion making it very hard to clean.  mold builds up and this is not nice.  i though it was cute because it can turns into a chair but i don't think we will keep it that long. it was fairly easy to put together and the design is nice but i wouldn't buy it again.
we ordered this because we loved the design for our baby's room. it took my husband about five hours to put together. horrible instrutcions. almost every single screw head stripped out very easily making construction a very difficult process. several different screw drivers were tried. we finally put it together, but know that it is cheap quality and not worth the price paid for it. it strangely leans a bit forward as well on a flat surface, so if it were to fall forward, all of the drawers would easily fall out. i would not recommend buying this product.
wow - just like the other reviews have stated this bed is like sleeping on a sheet of plywood.  there appears to be no difference between the baby side and the toddler side, they are both as firm as a sidewalk .
i bought these bottle after reading the reviews in the gumdrop pacifiers. these are horrible bottles. every single one leaks like crazy at the bottom. can't even try to use these. buyer beware save your money and buy something better.
ordered this because the color seemed to be more what would fit with my daughters baby room than shermags in the baby stores.. like other people have said, when it arrived, the box was all beat up and torn open at places. the box is not sturdy enough for ups shipping. we opened it and it found the base was cracked,and there was a dirt smudge on an arm cushion. i called their customer service for replacement parts, and they were very responsive. only problem was that they were on summer vacation at warehouse and the replacement parts would not be shipped until after the item was needed to be a gift. having said that, it seemed to be an ok item that would be worth the money if it arrived undamaged. sent it back to amazon for refund, and as usual, amazon was great! so, if you get one thats in one piece, it looks to be an a pretty good chair, which is much cheaper than similar items in the baby box stores.
at first the camera worked well, but then began to fail. the monitor works fine, but the camera is not. the problem is that i live in argentina, and i bought during my vacation in miami. what should i do? i am very disappointed. my country has restrictions on sending or receiving packages from abroad. what shoud i do?
this worked great for a teething baby.  Filled the medicine part with water and froze.  When my grandson used it it was cold on his gums and he got a drink of cold water at the same time.
can't put too much without it actually tipping everything out of its units. poorly made. not really stable.
Too big for my three month old.
i came on amazon to find a new stars projector for my son because his just caught on fire tonight! when scrolling and seeing this i felt i needed to warn other parents.<br />this is the exact one we have. the battery life was decent but when the batteries died we decided to just buy the adaptor since he uses it every night.<br />first the white led blew after a few months of use. whatever. still had the colored light show.<br />then tonight i started to smell a weird hot electronics smell. as we were reading our story i notice the smell getting stronger and when i turned his overhead light on i noticed the smoke pouring out of it with black streaks up the side of it.<br />unplugged it and threw the stupid thing in the sink.
i was a bit hesitant to allow my son to play with these.. i was worried that they wouldn't be easy to clean off the tub/walls and would stain. i was wrong! i just used a wet washcloth after he was done and it came right off!! will definitely purchase more in the future!
I would not recommend this product . It came one day later which is not a problem . It is cheap looking , very low quality and very small ! Not worth the money !
was expecting alot with all the great reviews, but ended up having to return it for 2 reasons.<br />1.  it must be doused in chemicals as it smells like paint when you open the box.  not sure if it gets better with washing or airing it out.  it was so strong, i didn't want to try.<br />2.  it's heavy.  being this is meant for transport (picnic, park, etc.) and you'll be carrying it around, it's crazy heavy!  guessing that means it's really sturdy and good quality, but too heavy for me to deal with.
i like
pain in the butt to work
we love sassy spoutless cups in this house. our one year old twins won't use anything else. we have been searching for an insulated cup for them and when i saw these i knew i had to try them. sadly, they leak all over the place. i know i am putting the lids on correctly as we have other cups like this. i'm very disappointed and now on the search again.
after lots of research and wasting so much money on cups looking for a sippy that doesn't spill milk everywhere this one i have to agree is the best in that category!!! i have not able to get my 15 month girls to drink milk from anything but bottles. this has worked pretty good one likes it the other not so much. i will say it just seems very close to a bottle but i just ordered the straw attachment so i am hoping to switch to that soon. i love the color coding for use with twins one gets purple the other pink that would have saved a lot of time keeping soy vs milk separate for my girls.  there is one problem! if you are putting cold milk or water in them they are unbearably cold to hold. the up side of that is the drink is going to stay colder longer. i have ordered the silicone sleeve, i think that will fix the problem rather easily! over all i am very happy with this bottle, i just wish i had tried them sooner instead of the bottles i used.  they are very easy to clean no extra parts to clean. they have many top options nipple, supper, straw, or just a cap. so these could be the only covered containers you ever have to buy from baby to older kids. i suggest looking at their website, it states that other brand nipples can be used and lists the ones that work. also thay are coming out with new colors of silicone sleeves august 2015.
ok i like these a lot but i would liked them even more if i got the i‚ù§Ô∏èhealthy something's. instead we got i‚ù§Ô∏ècookies/ice cream/ french fries. would have liked the bananas/peas or avocado instead.
it said 8 oz equipped with round hole medium nipple (3~6m), but received 0-3m cross cut nipple.
the image is good. but if your house is big or your rooms has wall between the living room and the bedroom you won`t see the baby because it says it has no signal. this product is good for an open house display or small apartment but the range is too little.
i am really conflicted writing this review, as this seemed to be the only sling my 6 week old will use. i just cannot understand the bulky wraps that come with miles of material despite trying several times/brands with my first baby and my newborn now. my newborn hated the moby and boba wraps, did not like being in the baby k'tan (tried 2 sizes just to be sure), will tolerate the beco gemini for a bit, and hates the ergo baby with newborn insert (also seems to be way too warm for a newborn to sit in during the summer). both the beco and ergo seem better for older babies/toddlers (can attest from experience with my first daughter the ergo is great when baby is bigger).<br /><br />i bought the balboa sling one day before heading out shopping without checking reviews first and my baby loved it. slept peacefully the whole time, was able to feed her easily, and always had her little face in view. when i took the time to check for reviews i was shocked to see the worrisome info about potential chin to chest problems and suffocation in newborns. researched further and most of the info i found was related to infant deaths in 2010 with a similar, but still different sling. it also seems the babies who suffered were premature or underweight so definitely do not use with children under 8lbs.<br /><br />the chin to chest is also a problem that can occur in an infant carseat or swing, but obviously i have not stopped using a carseat. honestly though, using the sling is not a risk i personally am willing to take, no matter how small. instead i am going to try a ring sling as others have suggested and cross my fingers it works.
the material is breathable n super soft which i personally love. however, the threads come off very easily & since we are dealing with diaper rash tubes, the edges of the tube frequently gets stuck on the sheet pulling off the threads. just don't find this sheet very durable.
the sippy cups seem very nice, my child has had no problems using them, but she dropped one from her highchair and it shattered.  with the frequency of how often she drops the sippy cups, i need something more durable.
does not work as well as i hoped. the lower pockets are not accessible in a chevy truck. most of the pockets are too small to be useful. it keeps slipping off the side of the seat. the lower strap will not stay tight. disappointed
cute gate and quality materials used, but i have tried it on the inside of the door frame, on the door frame, and even across different walls outside of doors with no luck on making a secure grip. either my apartment is completely abnormal or the measurements for the gate are off bc my 2 lb kitten can knock it right over making my purchase completely useless.
came dried out and the applicator was falling apart. very cheap and will not buy again
It was a gift for my daughter, but she sent it back because the package had been opened and it possibly had been used.
i rarely write a review but i'm hoping this might prompt the company to change the photo. yes it's true if you read the fine print it says the price is for one, however the photo shows two and it is very deceptive. the item is overpriced for a single bed rail, and now i'm forced to buy another one.
just got my son's necklace today! he recently turned one and after suffering through teething and with 4 more teeth coming in at once,i thought it was time he got his first teething necklace :) so far he hasn't tried to pull it off or break it,he actually pushes me away when i try to take it off lol! i'm going to give it a few days and see if it helps with his teeth.
it did not come like the picture! it's not aqua, gray and white it's all gray and white! i waited a longtime for this item and i'm very disappointed.
love the color it's a little bit too short , even though i ordered a bigger size still a little small
not steady very cheap quality
i bought this mobile for my baby cause the other one he had broke, well u know what they say :u get what u pay for!  i have a budget and this was affordable and it gives my baby something to be looking at shile he's in the crib. it is plain and nice , for $20
these don't work.  the first one we bought worked, but the other two just slide right on open when the slightest amount of pressure is applied.  doesn't even keep our one year old out.  very expensive little items, and hard to install, to end up not working even a little bit.
these cups are not spill proof.<br />try playtex
although these fit my medela pump in style advanced, they had very poor suction. i would suggest sticking with the medela brand valves and membranes.
good for a 2yr old
wonderful, until it ripped after a couple months. i will still use it, but it has ripped along 3 of the stars shown in the pic..
what seemed like a potty training essential at first now appear to be fairly useless. it will take us a millennium to go through them, i think.
these are really cheaply made.  after installing them all, i found that most of the catches (either the hook part or the eye part or both) broke when i tried (gently) to open the drawers to test them.  they are hard and brittle.  maybe i got a defective batch, but there is no way i would even buy this brand again.
good
my wife doesn't like this because she said is too hard...
i bought these for my daughter to use for her baby because i had used evenflo angled bottles with her when she was born & they were great. they're not so great these days. the base of nipples never fit snug in the rim. maybe it's the strange notch on them now. i just know that they leak! every bottle i bought her is leaking & the nipples collapse several times during each feeding. bring back the 1994 design!
love this crib! my daughters share a room so we did not have the space for a full size crib. i was a little hesitant to purchase this based on some of the poor reviews i read, but since it was the only one really in our price range, i gave it a shot. boy, i was not disappointed! it's the perfect size, cute, and has held up very well. i purchased the dream on me 3&#34; mattress to go with it since the mattress that is included is so ridiculous :)
if you have a weak kid then these might work, but my kid was able to pull 2 of these off in a matter of 24 hours.
the gate is very solid. the installation is straightforward, but i ran into a couple of issues - if you have quarter-round or other detailed molding right at the ground, you'll need to remove some of it to get the bracket to mount properly. the gate can compensate for having baseboard, but the bottom bracket sits right on the floor and mounts to the wall, so you need a flat surface on your wall/doorway at the bottom. i suspect this isn't a problem for most doorways, but mine was going in an entry way that had quarter round. a couple of minutes with a chisel took care of it, but i will have to repair my molding once i remove the gate. despite measuring, leveling, etc,. i have a problem with the gate easily closing. it seems like the gate door is slightly out-of-plane with the rest of the unit. i'm sure the gate works perfectly in houses with perfectly square walls and careful installation, but i think the latches need to provide a bit more slop. as it is, i need to use care (or sometimes two hands) to get the door to align and close properly. the gate is very nice compared to the expandable wood type (specifically if you need something that will stand up to a baby playing around it), but if i need another in the future, i'll be looking for one with a better latching system and a wider door opening.
i loved this bag for about a year but after that it started to fall apart. the strap broke and the condition of the bag just looked very worn. i'd recommend it if you want a nice looking diaper bag with lots of space and pockets etc. but don't expect it to last more than a year.
looks like a plain cheap umbrella.
these cloth diapers are the worst. they shrunk about 2 inches and turned into a wrinkled mess after just the first wash! i use these for burp cloths, i have no idea how you would use them as diapers! i bought the toys r us brand and they are amazing! toys r us brand doesn't shrink at all, they keep their shape and they are sewn much better even after many washes!! do not buy these!! gerber brand (right) vs toys r us brand in the photo.
Cheap looking and a lot smaller then I thought.
The item I received is not the item I ordered.  The one pictured shows a separate syringe and separate medicine dispenser where the baby could suck as you push the medicine in OR you could just have the medicine part separate so they can just suck on it like a pacifier.  But I really wanted to be able to leave the syringe in so the medicine ONLY goes to the nipple and not the surrounding areas like other medicine dispsensers (I have the Munchkin one and meds get trapped around the rim.  The one I recieved is an all in one that I could buy at any Walmart, Target, etc.  I wanted the one pictured because it is separate and easier to dose small amounts.  The one I received is a white syringe with a clear pacifier nipple and the smallest dose amount you can dose out in it is 2.5mL.  I need one to be able to dose 1.25mL so this one is not even one I would order in the first place.  Also, the nipple part of this is HARD AS A ROCK.  No way an infant would find this appropriate to suck on and effectively get the medicine.<br /><br />SO disappointed.  I wanted the Mini Medicator pictured here and did NOT get that.
received diaper bag.  gift.  no comment.
bought this 'same' unit last year but this year's model doesn't fit.  too tall.  need to crush it down to be able to fit the cover properly and make it fit. too much bother to return.  hopefully it will still work in this 'crushed' state.
Both tires blew after only using them a few times!
I'm happy.
i bought the regalo easy step extra tall walk thru gate for our two toddler grandchildren visiting from the uk during the holidays. the 2 1/2 year old was smart and tall enough to open the gate himself. the gate is not real sturdy, as the attachments to the threshold didn't stay well with the tots pushing on it. we didn't want to permanently anchor it since they were only here for 2 months, but with their next visit we will. the walk through space is a bit tight for a larger hipped person. basically, the gate served its purpose. wish i could have given it a better rating, but sometimes you get what you pay for.
in the picture has 8 colors and i thought i was getting the 8 headbands but really dissapointed because i only got one. i shoulded read better and it says one pc.
my son loves these cups because his favorite character is iron man.  however, one of the lids completely cracked in half after only a month of use.  hope the other one holds up.
this gate is not meant for the top of the stairs.  it takes 2 hands to open it (even says this in the user manual).  not very functional when you don't have both hands free to open it (carrying your kid or anything else).
love our ubbi's! purchased 2 (one for our cloth diapers and one for regular disposable). keeps smell contained and we love the modern look! our gasket popped out and we couldn't get it back in after a year of use- one email to customer service and a new ubbi was sent to our house with no questions asked. incredibly happy customers!! thank you ubbi!
i don't know what all the hype is about.  it's an overpriced metal baby bottle.  you obviously can't microwave it because it's metal, and it's hard to tell how much fluid you've put inside because it's not translucent, you have to look at these little notches inside.
it was cute as pictured, but we bought it so that my grandson would not poke his legs through the bars. but it flattened easily and out his legs came out. we have tightened it and the same thing happens.
1- the bumper bare &#34;broken&#34;<br />2- brake wire &#34;cut off&#34;
the adhesives stuck for less than 24 hours. unless you bolt these in they are useless.
the product is defective, the red button does not work, plus the sound is very low
very comfy for the early months  , although as i'm getting bigger i wish this was too! it's losing its fluff and i still have two months to go. it's good for the price though..
Shipping go fast. it's perfect<br />Bear is beautiful but it's not the same<br />there is no drawing nor of writing
great idea however if you have or want a spectra pump,  don't waste your money. .. or breastmilk for that matter.  none of the adapters are actually made for the spectra,  they tell you to use the avent adapters which don't properly fit. i just spilled and entire boob because of the fit.
lid flimsy when open. child cannot lean back
i got these for travel but found that a fair number of places (houses, usually) didn't have compatible chairs - they weren't tall enough or they had arms.  so, instead, we ended up getting two of kelsyus travel high chairs for our twins and i wish we'd skipped straight to them instead. they last from age 6 months until 6 years and work as high chairs, camp chairs, etc. the twins can just use them for so much longer. . i wish i had known about them before buying the high chair pads http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/b007rf22xe/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o06_s00?ie=utf8&psc=1
we have had this monitor for almost a year with one camera and it is great. battery life of great, picture and sound are both great. only complaint has been that darn flashing light.. i cannot even tell you how bright it is. we had to cover with electrical tape to be able to sleep. however, recently we bought a second camera because we're expecting a new baby (being able to monitor multiple cameras was the primary selling point). but peep mode apparently does not work with more than one camera paired (in cascade mode). this means the screen stays on constantly. not only does that affect battery life but it affects my sleep too. i only want the screen on when it needs to be. we tried setting one camera as the primary to see if the other one would activate with noise and it doesn't. what good is that? if you're only using one camera then i recommend this monitor, but i'm very disappointed in the lack of flexibility with more than one camera.
not a fan of the nipples.
good
None available.
it's good, and our baby loves jumping in it, but it makes a lot of noise.  this jumper is constructed with a compression spring housed in a plastic tube.  the compression spring is unstable, and it bends and rubs against the sides of the plastic tube, vibrating and making quite a bit of noise.  4 stars because our baby seems to enjoy the noise and think it's part of the activity.<br /><br />if you're looking for a quiet jumper, look elsewhere.
these trimmer pads are of the same roughness and it is just too rough for babies.
it was larger than expected. although it looked ok it is definitely plastic and has limited potential as a gift.
this is perfect for traveling with a toddler. my 4 year old loves it. however, after the first night of use the body of the sleeping bag ripped away from the pillow. i imagine the first time i put it in the washing machine the sleeping bag will be a shambles. i was expecting more quality and longevity from this product.
doesn't fit a graco stroller. graco strollers have to be taken completely apart for these to even begin to work. these are not easily used unless you cut them to fit them over bars. for some reason, even if you glue them to the handles, they don't stick.<br /><br />graco strollers need a different solution to the replacement situation. this product isn't it. i wish the product info would have said &#34;not for graco strollers&#34; in the description. i wouldn't have wasted my time and money.
i expected it to be a little bit bigger.
i was anxious to get the new upgraded version of the toddler seat. when it arrived was disappointed to see that it feels much cheaper. the g2 toddler seat feels more cushioned and comfy. and i love the fact when u bought a color pack it came with seat and canopy changes. so i could just swap it out and wash the other. the g3 canopy pack comes with just the canopy. the inside of the seat no longer has those handy little net pockets. the snack cup is still bulky and aweful. and the velcro in the back seems like it would not hold up long. opposed to the zip feature of the g2. don't get me wrong i love the orbit just not impressed with the new seat upgrade.
the party trick of these baby carriers is that you can have two at a time.  my biggest complaint is that they are not really good baby carriers.  however, it is legit that it can convert between two &#34;normal&#34; carriers and a unified twin carrier.
this changing pad works for changing diapers but isn't quite as big as i thought it would be and the quality is just okay.
with our first two kids we used the nap nanny. when our third child was born we thought we would try this product instead.<br /><br />in our opinion the nap nanny was a superior product in all but two respect, which is that this one has a deeper recess for the child to lay in, and is easier to clean. other than that, this is a downgrade. the nap nanny was made of a foam rubber, and was very soft and comfortable. this product is a hard plastic frame covered by a thin padded outer shell. if only they had used more padding, i wouldn't have minded the change so much, but this lacks any real padding on the bottom or sides, and has just barely enough in the sleeping area.<br /><br />we use these products in our bed. we place it in between us, and let our baby sleep in it until he is about 3-4 months old. this makes the nightly feedings much easier.
it keeps coming off
was great for 3 months then split. i expected to it to at least last a little longer. very disappointed since it worked great.
some of the toys are ok, one broke when i cleaned it so my daughter never got to use it and another broke into pieces 5 min after i handed it to her, she is only 5 months, so she didn't need a lot of power to brake it.<br />but what can you expect when you buy 6 toys for 6$? üòù
holds the perfect amount of wipes for long trips but fits really easily into the diaper bag.
the free mirror isn't as pictured.  it's tiny and a worthless piece of junk.  false advertising by the vendor!  amazon, please look into this.  the seat is completely awesome!!!
wife and i read all the glowing reviews, bought it, and ended up really not liking this backpack. we've had it for 2 years. our complaints was bag layout, and floppyness<br />- we never used the built-in wipes pocket, it is easier to grab a bag of new wipes, than refill it<br />- the top shallow pocket was useless. items would fall out of it easily.<br />- the bag is soft, it'd just fold on itself all the time. we prefer backpacks that are a bit more rigid. everything would just pile up into a mess at the bottom.<br />- the pockets aren't logically laid out. the smallest is in the front so you'd think the roomiest is in the back but it's actually the third pocket that holds the most. the final fourth pocket is a tiny one for keys and a cell phone but it took us a while to stop going into that one thinking it's the biggest.<br />- the shoulder straps are pretty uncomfortable. they're scratchy, not padded, and when the bag gets heavy with clothes and water bottles it gets downright painful to wear after a while. they pull somewhat awkwardly and i'd slide the bag partway off my shoulders to relieve the discomfort.<br /><br />this is not one of my best reviews, but i wanted to put it out there because there is a big gap between what we expected, and what we got.
i wish i could give this swing 5 stars my baby girl loves it.... i bought this for my lo who is still in the nicu.. the nurses and my lo love it... but recently after about month and half of use the battery compartment doesn't work... tried changing the batteries 3 times to no avail so i hauled this thing home and tried plugging it up to see if it's the motor it works perfectly plugged up just not on batteries... it's disappointing because now my lo can't use it in the nicu... because they have rules about plugging up swings and gliders. going to try and contact graco if that flops i'll have to return it to amazon..i hope not because my baby girl loves it... but i do have to say the music is awful the speakers are poor quality.. my baby just like the nature sounds
this is not what i thought
i purchased these bottles to replace my 8 months old dr. brown bottles because they were dripping everywhere & i was tired of it. i do like that when the nuby bottles are laid on their side or upside down they do not drip. however, that being said - my daughter can't drink them because she chokes the nipple flow is way too fast. i feel like it'd be appropriate for an adult. she takes one &#34;suck&#34; and she's gasping for air and turning dark red and can't breathe because it's coming out so fast. awful - i will not recommend these to anyone.
terrible! stopped working after less than a month!
beautiful and soft but pilling already after only a couple of washes. still love it...
the item was missing 1 out of 4 footing triplets and it had a lot of grease or oil on the footing pieces that i had to clean with dawn soap before it came off.  the pieces also come lose very quick
this is not at all for a newbirn. the small is more for a toddler. returning because way too big for our 1 month old
Holds minimal small dolls. Not going to hold big or heavy stuffed animals. I got it to work using jumbo picture frame hooks after putting tons of holes in my wall. Better putting a shelf, if your landlord lets you use heavy screws on the wall.
My daughter really liked this since she didn't have one for her first pregnancy.<br />Looks to be a safer way to dispense medicine.
The rubber part is hard as a rock and my baby never liked it
this monitor is horrible. it loses the signal constantly within 10 feet of the nursery. it has lasted for 15 months though, so that's ok. it also loses power within a couple hours of not being plugged in.
i can't recommend this product, particularly if you live in an arid environment such as the desert. this does not keep the wipes moist. i have had better results from other travel dispensers. save your money.
zero stars....didnt work, total bummer don't buy.
this is a total piece of junk.  i've only used it for about 3-4 months and the red foam broke off.  in addition, the hook shimmies itself to the side of the handles of the stroller.  awful product and poorly designed.  i thought the heart was cute but it's so not cute when it comes to functionality.
wanted to like it. but after one wash it is not as soft as it was pre-wash. otherwise alright. cute design.
our mattress sagged significantly after only three months of use for an infant weighing less than 12lbs. amazon customer service was very helpful in expediting our return.
product is basic. it works for what we need. i ordered dark blue and was sent light blue.. got a very obnoxious, borderline rude email from sender insisting on giving her a 5 star review..
the cup is cute and well designed. the only bad thing is the outside color is faded and mixed after several times washing.
is very large will not fit a 3 month old or newborn.  also has faint odor of dog or something else.  probably sized for a 9-12 month old. hat looks well made.  blanket very loose and probably as pictures.  i just didn't looks close enough. i won't be able to use either one.
it was terrible. i liked the design how it cleaned nipple. however the sponge started to fall apart within a week that i was using. i had very similar one purchased from oversea and it lasted really long time. i would not buy this product again. i was trying to get hold of the company's customer service for the quality but it was impossible to reach them. it was very inexpensive nipple cleaner but i would expect it last more than a week :(
we are loyal oxo tot household. we love all their products but this one we did not. the rubber on the lid is now bent weird and doesn't hold the food in as well i put puffs in it for my son one time and him putting his hand in and out of the rubber to get the puffs bent the rubber and now basically it's just an open hole. a tad disappointed but i think this would happen with any product with this type of lid.
these are the cheapest bibs i have ever owned.  do not waste your money.  after washing them they have holes all around the neck!!! very cheap
this product is so disappointing.  the clay is so messy and sticky and impossible to use.  it sticks to your hands and the plastic wrap it's in and the rolling pin.  what a waste of money!
can't, for the life of me, get this on the bottle. classic case of great in theory...
i bought this because i had read reviews that it would work on a brick hearth, it turned out to be a complete waste of my money. the tape it came with is in fact very sticky, but not nearly enough to work.  i am back to square one, minus the money i wasted. if you are concerned about tabletops and the like, this is a good choice.
i used them once for my daughter and the applesauce juice leaked out of the bottom...pretty messy to deal with
the color is not exactly what i expected.
these are made for giants. seriously, the pads are so, so big. they also don't stick well. why make a pad that's huge but then have only one sticky piece on it?
this pillow is smaller than most, but that is what i prefer about it. it easily tucks into a diaper bag for travel and it is just big enough to give a little boost while nursing. my daughter and i have used this since she was a newborn and she is now six months old. i had a boppy with my son but stopped using it early because it was so big and cumbersome. i have used the free coupon for the cotton fabrics, and they rip through the middle after about three months of use (hence the star rating). but i continue buying them because they are the only nursing pillow this size, which i find practical and convenient. it also works well to prop baby up when she was very little. does great in the washer and dryer.
for the price it's an ok last minute stroller but the wheels are pretty useless unless you are just going straight
how did you install it?! i just did and it leaks or should i say sprays everywhere! i don't want to return it but looks like i might :(
i just so happened to pick one of these up while out of town. i needed *something* as i was flying cross-country with my son alone. hallelujah! this is the first carrier i've been able to wear my 17lb six month old in happily. we tried a mei tai, a k'tan and an ergo with no luck and lots of tears. i wore him forward facing through 3 airports comfortably on both our parts. i wasn't even sore the next day! i didn't find it difficult to get him in and out or to get the carrier on myself - though it wasn't my first rodeo.<br /><br />i would certainly recommend this as a good alternative to the very similar and grossly more expensive brand.<br /><br />the only thing that would make it better would be a pocket on the front for my id/cash/chapstick/keys :]
it's budget friendly, super soft, and really cute, but the velcro across the front rubs and irritates my little guys belly.
very small. i have a 10 year old who is not even 80 pounds and they are small on her. and to say they are legging pants is a bit misleading. they are more like tights! very thin and see through.
i would not recommend this product to anyone. we love the design. but when you see it in person it is very bad quality. cheap materials.
it shrinks and has no shape after one wash.
just received these today & they are junk! one of the earring shafts are bent & the backs just slide up & down. defiantly not a screw on. also cheaply made, you can see a big glob of glue under the pearls where they have been glued on. very disappointed.
a good snack plate, but it's inability to be microwaved made it useless for us for now. the non skid is nice, and all in all it is a good product-- but we won't be able to use them until the kids eat solid foods which is a bummer.
this is ok. not really necessary to buy.
well, it floats... sort of. this boat rides low in the waterline and has zero water-proofing (even on battery compartment, which is pretty questionable). any child, or adult... for that matter, that attempts to interact with the boat while it is under way will inevitably sink it with very little effort. the water cannon on the front produces an anemic stream like that of a pin-prick in a pop-can... barely noticeable. if you need a model boat for calm waters then this will do... otherwise shop onward.
you shouldn't use this in a car seat; only use items approved by the car seat manufacturer to be sure they have been tested for crashes.<br /><br />i bought this for my stroller to prevent my newborn's head from bouncing around and to give her a bit of a nest. the stroller bed looked so vast around her tiny body! works great, soft, easy to install and remove. it helps keep baby warm too.
i bought this to place on our kitchen breakfast bar area where we have a hook on chair for our son. we had a few other suction cup toys already but i wanted to get a few more for  variety. the idea being that he likes to bat and pull at those toys while we prepare his food or do other chores in the kitchen. well he was able to snap the bee away from the suction cup base in half a second. and of course 10 seconds later had dropped it to the floor too. the toy is designed to do that - come apart from the base - but i didn't think it would be that easy!! so now it's just another toy we give him to play with - but not while he's eating or sitting in his chair...
my 9 month old picked it up the very first time and hit himself in the corner of his eye with the top edge...that caused a little blood and a lot of tears :(
you get what you pay for. this barely stayed on my toddler...
handles ripped the first time i tried to transfer laundry to my laundry basket. obviously, it cannot be used to carry laundry - my daughter did this and the handle completely ripped off as she walked down the stairs.
i'm sitting in my hotel right now exhausted from carrying my infant i his sling all day because he refuses to get into this uppababy stroller. i purchased this stroller  specifically for this trip to canada. i wanted something lightweight to bring with us on the plane and this stroller won over the maclaren triumph only because it has a larger canopy. i don't know if umbrella strollers just don't have suspension or shock absorption but my 8 mo old refuses to get into this stroller and cries every time i strap him in. the wheels are smooth plastic that look and feel cheap.<br /><br />now, on day 4 of our trip, i am very weary of even going out and exploring the city since my only other option is to put him in the sling.<br /><br />the good features this stroller has are:<br />large canopy<br />mesh backing<br />lightweight<br />ease of folding and unfolding<br /><br />this worthless stroller pretty much put a damper on our trip. going forward, we'll be bringing our awesome stokke scoot even though it's inconvenient.
the leg holes were so tight on our baby's thighs that even if i could stuff him into this chair it was extremely difficult to get him out.
horrible that these are even being sold, it should be listed as a toy hammock for a dollhouse that's the size of it!
i purchased this because the description said it was cotton. the tag on it says 100% polyester. it also has strings coming out of the top of its head. disappointed.
I didn't actually this this. It's flimsy, thin, and does NOT appear to waterproof.
price a little hight for product
i have boys and of course i received girl colors. but delivery was superb!
i liked the product while it lasted. despite gentle use and painstakingly counting my wipes before filling the pouch one of the two cases i received split by end of the zipper after approximately one month of use. the concept is great, but quality is obviously an issue.
ghosting when movement goes across screen<br /><br />this has delayed video footage. compared to summer infant dual view this wasn't &#34;real time&#34; definitely delayed. very weird since it was more expensive and its a motorola.<br /><br />we actually got a system too and this was the extra and the camera that came with system didn't work out of the box. screen showed purple hue and green on parent unit. after that we decided no way - we bought an updated summer infant monitor like the original summer infant one we had 5 years ago.<br /><br />now we have two summer infant systems and both work great - no delay and great image.<br /><br />try them out side by side and i guarantee you will not purchase this video monitor.<br /><br />good luck!<br /><br />here is what we kept (tried 5 monitor systems and bought another summer infant):<br />http://www.amazon.com/summer-infant-digital-color-monitor/dp/b00eu5al8w
my baby didn't like it!! she never sleep on it comfortably ,it's flimsy and small. i don't think any baby can sleep in it more than a month or so..
so this stroller is beautiful. i love the look of it. i love that it has a bassinet and that that and the car seat can go in and out of the stroller base. i have had this for just over a year and i bought it because the car seat went down to 4lbs. i was really impressed with the look and the price was good i thought. it is way over priced for the quality. it isn't like i use it to do anything crazy. i have mostly just walked on sidewalks. the few times i have gone &#34;off roading&#34; (grass) it doesn't turn well and it gets stuck easily. it is extremely wobbly and i feel like it will fall apart at any moment. i dont like having my one year old in it cause it feels really unsafe. i have two other kids and they like to grab the handle and pull on it. it has almost fallen so many times and it is scary and frustrating. i really like the look of it but all the bad out weigh the good. i am going to try and get rid of this as soon as i can.
bad
works great.  i always buy these!  i am a dog sitter, so i use mine quite a lot.  i watch pretty big dogs.  so after a while, they obviously wear out, but i keep buying them because before they wear out, they work great.  you don't have to put any holes in your walls.  you can put it between walls or a doorway or whatever & it stays tight so dogs can't get through.  it's also a nice height.
these were way to small
unlike others, i don't have a problem with the outlet covers. they fit very snug in our outlets. my problem is the cabinet/drawer locks. you cannot get these in drawers! and if you putt with any force they come right open. my 2 year old can easily get into the cabinets we put them on! so only 2/3 of these products worked for me, buy at your own risk.
not girl cups as pictured.  i know it said design my vary but i assumed it would be one of the two pictured.  instead i got two race car cups.
i have had this highchair for a few months and wish i did more research before buying. the cover does not come off so you can't wash it and wiping it down is not enough. also, you need 2 hands to put the tray on. the tray usually doesn't allign right and takes some time to get it right. i thought the highchair came with a 5 point harness but does not. my baby slides and falls to the side while eating. this causes her discomfort since her arm gets all red from being pinned to the side or stuck hanging over the chair. wishing i bought another highchair üòï
we were so excited to get our new car seat! we were disappointed because the shade was permanently bent. it only pulls down partially. also, the buckle gets stuck sometimes. i'm going to call customer service to see if i can exchange our seat. i felt like it was cheaply made.
What used to be my salvation nearly became my nightmare today. My son (6 months) put his soothie into his moth sideways. He began to choke. Thank all the stars above, I was there to get it out of his mouth! I will be removing all of his soothies. Especially from his bed! I would urge any parent to use this with caution!
if you are using for a diaper don't, but if using for a burp cloth my favorite.
super adorable, but made out of cheap plastic. the price is decent though. it's just what you would expect. could have a better suction cup, my 2 year old flicks it and it falls. but good for the price.
way too tight for our 7lb newborn. we couldn't even zip it. very disappointing since he can escape from all of the other swaddles we've tried.
taste awful gags me and makes me want to throw up.
beware - no latch, attached only by the seatbelt. for this price - it is an issue. will be sending this back.
i bought this for dr. brown bottles as well as medela pump bottles and parts.  let's just say, i still have it and haven't actually used it.  the holes are too big for the membranes and yellow plugs on the pump parts.  and you can't really fit that many bottles in there either.  i think i wasted my money for trying to find something for pump parts but kept it for future things like sippy cups, etc.
we had this seat and were using it for our daughter. we go to the peditrician one day and she mentioned that she does not like the posture forming of our daughter.<br /><br />we went through our daily routine and she said that babies are not meant to be sitting in positions that they are not ready for. so basically you should not be propping your child up into a chair or seat that they are not ready to be in. over time the bumbo seat can lead to a rounded back and a forward leaning head.<br /><br />i also do not like the safety of the seat. it only happened once but our daughter rocked the seat a little bit. the seat was on the floor so there was no issue, but this is not a babysitter by any means. i think tummy time and other positions which are more natural are better for our kids.
doesn't really wash off (takes some scrubbing) but the idea is cool and enjoyable. it also breaks pretty easily if the kid pushes out the color part.
arived early but pieces dont fit correctly
i'm reluctant to even give it 3 stars. if it would stay on the wall, i would have given it 5 stars. but the leaves are continually falling off the wall and other parts don't stick. i wouldn't purchase again. the set didn't come with much direction. we cleaned the wall before applying, not sure what else we could do to make it stick.
i don't think they are detecting motion from 15 feet away, maybe 5 to be realistic. one of them doesn't seem to be 180 degrees as you need to walk right in front of it before it turns on. they are definitely bright enough so you can see what you are doing and they don't turn on unless it is dark. the quality is so-so. i you mount them on the wall with the stickers, you won't be able to change the batteries.
app freezes from time to time and we don't feel it is reliable for an all night monitor. app is also difficult to get more than one devise or allow more than one user to view simultaneously. good for monitoring for short periods of time. would not recommend.
they don't block the smell as good as the expensive blue ones.
This pacifier is a life saver. My daughter, at 2 months old, is on a medication that tastes horrible. I would fight her ever time I had to give it and she would spit most of it out. Now that I have this awesome pacifier she takes every drop without any fussing or fighting. I would recommend this to anyone with little ones, truly is a life saver!!!
he will only take this kindf. Thank you for carrying them
did not work. followed directions and tried online resources too. no go
size runs very small..
the leg holes make it to where my son's legs stick out horizontally. the placement makes no sense. other than that, height is easily adjustable. easy to put together.
does not adjust enough to point down.
best thing to happen to my sleep haha i am a very light sleeper and almost every noise will wake me up... which is very frustrating. after getting this and having it run all night, i find that i am calmer and fall asleep faster and stay asleep because it drowns out all other noises. i know this is for a baby, but it definitely works for me (an adult)! it has other sounds it can emit too but i just use it for the white noise. would definitely recommend this to anyone needed help sleeping.
this is a great product and arrived super fast! i would recommend for anyone with a teething little one!
extremely poor quality! the lid broke when my toddler dropped it! stay away from this.. dont waste your money..
the bowl and spoon are nicely built, very smooth. my baby likes to chew on the spoon. it is a good chewing toy for her. the only think i do not like is that i need to put oil on them to make sure they will not crack. i used coconut oil but it is not too healthy for baby.
the hour piece broke off.  works great to track whether your on right and left.
for the price,  this is beautiful. however,  it is not nearly as large as i anticipated and yet despite its small size it's an i credible amount of pieces to put together. the manufacturer their to save paper and therefor put every limb and piece of limb separately to jigsaw them on a few pieces. they easily could have made it never by putting larger pieces of the tree together on a page and the little leaves and animals on a separate page. we figured it out but there while every piece was labeled with a number there was no completed numbered diagram to show where the numbers went. the biggest dissapointment though is that the pieces are see through even though that is not displayed in  the images online. if you put an owl in front of a piece of tree the tree shows through the owl and it's ugly. i got around this by chance going up. the scene but you can't set it  up as they did. their image is digitally enhanced.
very bulky and does not fold up very small. looks nice but at 32 lbs and not small it was not fitting in my car trunk. sent back and got the britax b agile and very happy with it.
hate logistics. too slow. .but something good.....
i'm using this to freeze baby food for my daughter and i find it really tedious and challenging to pop the cubes out once they're frozen. i'm sure they're trying to save freezer space by running the cubes vertically, but this would be much easier if the cubes froze horizontally.
why on earth are these made from terry cloth?
they are pretty much what i expected. work well, and i love being able to feel confident that i am not being rude by changing and disposing my child's diaper when out and about.
NICE.
i was surprised by how thin these are. i'm not sure i'll have any use for them.
i had to glue some of the baby sign back n hook baby back too,
do not buy is please don't
have to change the batteries a lot
the images rub off very quickly.. we had for about a month and couldn't even tell what they were supposed to be anymore. i bought these solely for the crown and castle.
i have had issues with the stroller shaking when i jog with it, since i bought it and even though they have replaced the frame and wheels i am still having the issue.
we like it so much we bought two. surelatch technology is worth the extra $$  we originally purchased the lx edition. very difficult to get a secure fit in the car. this car seat installs quickly and easily- a huge benefit to this mom who frequently takes the car seat in and out for work. peace of mind that it is installed securely.<br /><br />material is durable. not as bad as many make it seem to take the cover off to wash. my daughter got sick in hers in the first week and it washed nicely.<br /><br /> she is very comfortable in the rear facing position. sleeps easily though her head does fall forward sometimes. everyone else in the car has space too. we have a new jeep cherokee (not the biggest suv) but my husband and i have ample leg room on the driver and passenger side alike. we can recline the passenger seat back for longer car rides.<br /><br />most importantly, exceeds safety standards and made in the usa designed in our home state, ohio.
bad really bad product very disappointed please people do not buy this thing -5 stars.
the description stated this gate would expand to 6 feet, but no matter what i did i couldn't get it do that.  out of the box it appeared that it would be easy to assemble, but it wasn't.  you have to extend both rods simultaneously or it will get too snug on one side, preventing you from extending the rod on the other side.  i ended up bending a rod just trying to assemble it.  i sent it back.
this is a terrible product... for a couple different reasons. first it can e so folded in the plastic bag that my husband could not shake it correctly and it stayed like an oval shape no matter what we did. also the sides seem like the baby could easily push their face against and suffocate. the material is not breathable and thick. this product seems unsafe to me, i will be giving it to my toddler for her plastic baby dolls!
so they didn't come with instruction so i had a hard time turning them on until i realized they turn on in water. after my first use i wasn't able to them then of either wish led to them burning out, and even rusting from inside because i guess the water leaked in. they size look pretty for a short time, and they are cute and tiny but over all annoying let down...
came in on time,  that equals one star. receiving  it shattered upon arrival, no star.  i'm hoping i can gorilla glue this thing together, otherwise i have to go out and buy an expensive one.
i received it fast but it doesn't seem to be working absolutely nothing seems to really be working actually. i also feel that it was to tight around my sons neck i didn't feel it was safe!
not what expected! pictures above are not the real product! they are not foam, cheap material
made a huge mistake!! i thought this was going to work for the home too & i was sooooooooooooo wrong!! i bought the adapters 7 they just recharge so i'm stuck until i find a guy that has a car!!
amazing
the dots are raised and might cause a person to slip.
nice colors, but wish it was a little softer. maybe it will as time goes on and it is washed over and over.
this item is not sturdy enough to transport my child in her car seat!!!
dryer sheets smell great in the box, but leave no smell at all on clothes. very disappointed and wish i didn't waste the money on 2 boxes. your regular brand name dryer sheets work better that's these expensive ones. don't waste your money.
doesn't fit any cart backs. you constantly have to adjust the back and front, and if baby leans forward it doesn't hold them properly because it doesn't fit the cart right.
cute but really small
love the mobile but it did not fit on our crib which is a standard wooden panel crib - the white plastic base is not wide enough.  we had to make adjustments to get it to fit on our crib
When I purchased this, I thought I was purchasing a bracelet for an adult, that could be used as a teething instrument for a baby(while being worn by an adult) This is an actual baby bracelet to be worn by a baby and used for teething. I will say that it has a sturdy clasp, but even so, it is a choking hazard. A baby should not wear a bracelet precisely because it could be a choking hazard. Even with a sturdy clasp, all that chewing and sucking could undo the clasp (it is plastic that screws together).
the pacifier nipple is extremely hard and too hard  for a baby to use- total crap
it doesn't stick to my shower a waste of my money
doesn't stay on slanted back window.
i ordered this when planning a picnic for my husband over valentine's day weekend. i really like the chevron pattern and neutral colors, and it is easy to pack up. however, while the material is waterproof, it's not soft or comfortable, and it reminds me of heavy duty tarp that crackles whenever i shift around on it. plus, the size is too small for two adults to lay out on. i had also bought the 5x7' jj cole blanket at the same time, and i like that much more because the material's a lot softer and the larger size is great. so i've decided to return the skip hop one.
straw cleaner broke within one day of use. other parts are ok but the straw cleaner is the one you want to use! usually love oko products but this is badly made.
architecturally speaking, this chair is beautiful. practically speaking, it's kind of a nightmare, particularly around the 5-point &#34;harness&#34; and its installation. the only time it kind of worked was when the attachment to the tray was installed. but it only works attached to the tray when the seat is on the highest rung, and our baby was lowered at 6 months because he's so tall. the straps fall out the back, they do not stay in place, and our baby was slipping down through the front and out the back while we were trying to just strap him in! death hazard right there if we weren't standing right over him. seriously. a baby could hang himself or asphyxiate if unattended with this ridiculously cheap, incredibly poorly designed basic safety feature. if you have an older child, it would be a great chair, but badger basket has nothing on stokke or svan, and it shows in the price. do not cheap out and save $50-200 by buying this one if it is the aesthetic &#34;look&#34; you want. otherwise, chicco makes some nice, easy to use, can always find the straps, adjustable high chairs with seats that tilt and washable covers. but they're basic and a lot less sleek.
i wanted to love this product, but to work well it would requires to have the same size as the juice box i uses and it doesn't. my son would pull the juice box away and the box loses its purpose
Have not tried it yet, but it looks good.
excellent cup for my 9 month old. the spout is soft and flexible.
good cups. easy to assemble and clean. a little liquid will come out when you turn the cup upside down , but this is the best leak proof cups so far we have tried .   one drawback - we won't be able to buy replacement straws .
sticker was mailed white u cant even see it on the wall. i guess they expect you to have black walls to see  sticker i asked for a return the emaik back said &#34;it said it was white&#34; but the sticker picture is black. how stupid is that to only sell white stickers but have a picture of a black one! dnt buy i dnt recomend at all
Very Good
The thermometer no mater what pack it comes in NEVER WORKS.
needed a stroller for two and did not want to spend a lot of money.  the stroller has many good features and i like the fact that it is bright orange (you can spot it in a sea of other stollers at the amusement park!) but is very bulking, heavy, and worst off, very hard to maneuver.  i am a 215lb average strength (althletic) male and i need to use all of my strength and weight to push it around; my wife is significantly smaller so imagine how difficult it is for her.  the biggest factor is that the front wheels has a bar that supposed to allow the wheels to either lock into one position or spin.  but in the unlocked/spin position it is so tight that you either have to lift the front end to turn or use all of your strength/weight.  i would not recommend this item.
these won't stay together after having them for a month. the velcro loses it stickiness after just a couple of weeks. i literally thought that these were a hand-me-down because they were so useless. my wife set me straight, these were purchased on our baby registry very recently. we threw them away and got other bibs that worked much better soon after.
disappointed in this product. the material is thin and offers hardly any cushion (as claimed in the product name). the neoprene and velcro are nice quality but the padding is non-existent. it is truly a shame because this is exactly what we were looking for in terms of size and it fit nicely on the britax car seat. more padding needs to be added.
this item is not really like it is shown it's really wobbly and doesn't hold anything .. i thought it would have been more sturdy but it's not ... i didn't like it
picture shows 3 toys disappointed at the 1 toy that showed up.... this is false advertising
our little boy loves staring at the hedgehog, and is slowly rocked to sleep. quietly rocks baby which is something we were looking for. the sounds are good, but wish there was more volume control. the only thing that keeps this from a five star is that the music isn't great. but we don't really use that feature anyway.
no good, was incomplete and the price is not good a lot of money for this i'm very disappointed
unfortunately the reviews i read were correct.  this does not at all suction to the bottom of our tub.  it is not a completely smooth surface and this mat does nothing but float in the water.  guess we will have to try and find another use for it.
was hopeing this would be the ticket to success but it was very short lived. two days after getting  it he could care less. we have the potty time watch also very short lived. i'm desperate to get my son trained so i thought i'd try this. i believe this system is over priced and not worth it. a short double sided book about using the toilet. it was fairly frustrating to him that the book was upside down half way through and was for a girl. i didn't expect for the price that i would have to put the velcro pieces on myself a very disappointing and tedious task that should've been done by the maker. the certificate is boring and did not impress my son whatsoever and 1 sticker that also held no interest. i have found a small hope in the chart for training. my son really really wants a fishing pole so when he fills the chart i will get him one and he also really wants a more expensive item which i've promised only when he doesn't need diapers or pull ups anymore. night time training isn't even a thought yet because daytime hasn't gone to we'll but i expect that will be even harder.
This gate is very flimsy. In addition, the metal parts are bright white and the vinyl material is beige. It doesn't look anything like the online picture. The actual item is kind of ugly and I definitely wouldn't want it in my home. I returned it.  Update: The supplier did offer to either send me another product or refund my money (I took the refund) and did not require me to return the product (it did have some scratches, etc. on it). Great customer service. I gave them an extra star for that.
these are a joke. the crayon that goes inside the plastic sleeve falls out very easy. when you are done in the bath or shower the crayon is wet from use so it will continue to leak a colored water all over the tube until it is dry. cleans up fairly easy just annoying. this bath toy would do best for children at least 4 yrs and older. my two year old likes to make the crayon come out and either try to eat it or break it apart.<br />would not recommend.
I used it one time and after that it did not heat at all. Very disappointed.
this is not a bad box, but it is really way too big. i realize i should have checked the dimensions listed, but it is about twice as big as any sandwich you would ever make for a kid.  therefore it doesn't fit in a lunchbox, and any standard kid's sandwich is going to slide around and get messy.<br /><br />so my negative review isn't so much for the quality of the product, but for the fact that they are marketing this as a &#34;sandwich&#34; container for kids...when it is not an appropriate size for a kids sandwich.
the suction cups hold the bowls down very well but i can say my granddaughter has pulled it up a time or two.  they wash well in the dishwasher on the top rack.  the lid is a nice feature on one of them.
well, this product is good as described but the only problem that i found was the paint from the bird is coming off and that's is my only problem with this bouncer because babies will chew in all the plastic toys but this one is the only one that i notice the paint is coming  off. just be aware of this paint problem.
daughter lovea it
great price for a necessary product
just as described.
it's been so hard to find the right nursing bras! i give this one stars for comfort and materials. the cotton is soft and design cutely feminine. usually i'm a 36c but this bra feels big and like there's extra room in the cup...strange. also, the cups feel a bit pointy, accentuating my already big boobs... just doesn't work with certain shirts..
was a pain to put together and the price lowered $50 after i bought it..
snaps broke 1st wash. inserts are very absorbent. but the cover is super cheapy.
overall, i like the look of the glider, it was what i expected. however when we went to assemble it, we found it didn't come with enough bolts and screws to put it together. there were no directions included whatsoever in the box either. my husband had to go to the hardware store 2 times for parts, and we still don't have everything we need to fully assemble it.
when i tried it with my granddaughter it poured out thru the spout and it also leaked from around the lid so bad till she was not able to use it for a training cup like it said you could. i also ordered the pink one but they sent me the blue. i think you should get what you pay for to be right i ordered two of them and they both are like this. peggydrink@yahoo.com    i think that the company should reminisce my money for both of them because they are of no use as a training cup and that is what i ordered. peggydrink@yahoo.com  best of luck to anyone who buys these. i would like to have what i ordered to have worked.
bought this bumper in grey. this bumper has a nice grey color....the bumper just seems lacking in cushion and height, and the strings seem short and the material feels cheap....it kinda gaps and sags here and there....it's definitely not a nice luxury comfy bumper....maybe it's just meant for looks? my child always scrunches the bumper by standing on or kicking it. it's usually all bunched and scrunched by morning. i kinda feel that i wasted my money, but it was the only solid grey i found that would not break the bank.
love, love, love this car seat transporter! i purchased this for my trip to disney february 2015 and i breezed through the airport. i received so many stares and compliments and people asking me where i got it. it is easy to attach to a large car seat as i have the chicco a next fit, and you just pop open the wheels, loop the straps around the car seat and pull the handle up and you're on your way. so glad i got this. they didn't even make me remove it while it went through the security scanners like others mentioned. however, we were fine with reattaching it as we just needed to get our baby's car seat and the baby on move.
the parent unit keeps dying, even after being fully charged. the lights on both units are too bright
Good value for the price.  Works fine, night vision capability is good, range is good, set-up easy.  Battery in the receiver will not last through the night even in the standby mode.  Works fine if you keep it plugged in.  Also, green light on side of receiver stays on all the time, annoying if you like to sleep in a dark room.
this would work well for a window that is straight at the top and bottom.  our window is angled so it doesn't fit well at well.  we are not using this product and wouldn't recommend it for angled windows.
instructions were a little difficult to read and didn't expect to have to put everything together, however i am happy with it, it's sturdy and pretty
gave it as a gift as i didn't think the face was so cute...
love them!!!!
Extremely dissapointed with this product.  I purchased in Sept 2014 but did not begin using it until my baby arrived home on Oct 20th 2014.  Overnight it finally $h*t itself completely.  The monitor no longer connects with the camera, nothing I do works, it's fried.  So that is the end of the slow and painful death of my Levana Keera - it took just four months, and definitely not worth the $160ish bucks I handed over for it.<br /><br />At the beginning (before any issues began). I thought it was an average product, I did like the camera pan feature, but that's about it,  picture quality during the day was ok, the more light the better, but not helpful if your baby needs the room for sleeping.  Night vision was very blurry, I could never make out if my babies eyes were open or closed.<br />The wireless connectivity between camera and monitor has always been patchy, cutting in and out, often the sound would not transmit, it would either cut in and out or go completely out until I would realize and have to manually reconnect or par the two.  Also the monitor would constantly default back to the menu screen, so I would glance at the monitor only to see a bunch of icons, not reliable whatsoever.<br /><br />I wasted my money, and now I need to spend more doe on a new baby monitor, hopefully my next purchase serves me better.
amazing product, color is vibrant, soft but durable material.
the nightlight is cute when off, but once it's turned on, the light shines through to display a poor paint job. it's also a heavy nightlight and can teeter over if not balanced well on the plug. it did work well for quite some time.  once it stopped working, we removed the elephant and use it as a stand-alone room decoration.
a bit thin, my son never took to it.
love this! perfect for traveling or putting in your bed. my baby used this from 3 to 6 months and got use to it so much that when i transitioned her to her crib she wouldn't sleep. we went on two vacations and she slept in it fine.
worked like a charm for the first month, but then quickly started bursting sections.  this is not meant to last.  only used with light weight lunch, nothing, heavy, so i would think it would last longer.
it's not what i expected.  it really does not swing. it just glides.
it does not work!!! this is nothing less than a scam!!! i lost all trust for this company. unbelievable!  who the heck rated this crap 5 stars anyway?! probably someone who got paid to do that. the battery cover didn't close, the static is ridiculous and you can't even hear anything even when my baby is moving a ton!
it was almost impossible to open up the lasso tag to pull out the tag that was blocking the battery.  once i got it synced with my iphone 5c, i didn't feel like it was working properly.  i attached the lasso tag to my car keys.  when i got within 10 feet, a beep went off.  it should work up to 50 feet it said, but that's not true for me.  really don't like it and hope to return it for full refund.
cute! light lasted just for a short time.  probably needs new battery.  if that works it's a good purchase.
it keeps the door about an inch from closing, but cannot designate the width of the opening (which is what i was hoping for).
sometimes they work sometimes they don't. so, no they aren't good.
The flap on the base is not wide enough to actually secure under the electronics.  Very disappointed.
my wife and i purchased 2 of these exact carseats from our local babies 'r us store last friday, 2/13/15 and installed them into both of our vehicles for our son.  we like the style, the features, and most importantly - our son liked it too because it was comfortable for him and his long legs.  the seat works perfectly when not installed or just installed into the vehicle.<br /><br />however, as soon as our son sat on the seat we couldn't tighten it at all.  in either vehicle too.  this is not a fluke - it is a design flaw: as soon as your child sits on the seat the weight of the child compresses the bottom portion of the seat and causes the straps below to prevent it from being tightened.  our son is a lightweight too - he's only 24 pounds at 3 years old.<br /><br />we called graco customer service and they told us that because the seat straps cannot be tightened it is unsafe and should be returned to bru.  we spent our hard-earned money (over $400 with tax) on 2 of these seats when neither of them worked, and we spent extra time and gas to return the items.<br /><br />summary: do not purchase this product - it is unsafe when installed.
enormous. it's practically the size of a real bathtub! my 3 year old child made a house out of the box it came in...it's that big! my baby is 6 weeks and haven't used it yet, as it's too much of a hassle as it's so big. just using sink for now!
the buttons keep popping off the window from time to time. it's not horrible, just a nuissance.
broke after  a few uses.
this towel is so cute and made really nice. however i bought it for my 4 year old and its sadly not as big as it looks in the pictures.
One day our kid realized he could protest the administration of medicine and to our surprise he was quite good at rejecting it. After struggling a bit and failing to be able to use the syringe/plungers that come with the over the counter medicines we purchased several products to try something else. This was the best out of the ones that we tried and we have been using this exclusively for several months since.<br /><br />You can use this as a syringe to suck up the medicine from the bottle but for something like Motrin where the dosage is a small volume I found it  more accurate to use the one that comes in the Motrin box and then transfer it to the mini medicator. This method does require you to be careful and can make a mess. So my only knock on this product would be that it is not easy to transfer medicine to it if you do not use it as a syringe. After squirting medicine all over the kitchen in the middle of the night one time I have gotten the prep down now.<br /><br />As far as administering medicine it works quite well. The shield prevents spilling back out and the design shoots the medicine off to the sides of the mouth which does not choke our kid if he's on his back like the out of the box syringes would.
Great idea for a way to get an infant to take medicine.  I don't know how it actually works though, as I gave them out to nieces and nephews at Christmas.
Very cute but it was difficult to fit to pacifiers in it.
Buckle is horrible. Ours somehow went missing and when I called to voice my concern I was basically told that couldn't happen. Yet somehow our Buckle (the replacement from the recall) went missing from the time my son was dropped off at day care till the time he was picked up.  They are sending a new buckle but I don't feel cpmfortable using a car seat that the buckle can come off (I assume while my husband was pulling him out).
I bought this to keep my little 2 year old in his bed at night and it definitely works. He can see out through the netting which is a plus. However, he could unzip the zippers since they're on the inside of the tent too. So I just use a bread zip tie to hold the zippers together and wa-laa he can't get out at night. Yah!  The quality of the tent is a little flimsy. The zipper broke after 3 weeks on one side but I was able to fix it. This product has made it possible for me to sleep through the night again without worrying what he is getting into in the house, it keeps him in his crib, safely!
Really cute and a steal for the price but the fit is a bit odd. They are a weird width but still work fine. My daughter be looking fly, because there's a butterfly on the bottom :P
This item does not say that colors may vary. I received two pink pacifiers for my son. They work the same but still...
These were smaller than expected and the sticky on the back wasn't as strong as I would have liked. I noticed I had more leak problems with these than I did with lanisoh. I have breastfeed for 12 months and had a decent milk supply, if you do as well, I wouldn't recommend these. There are better cheaper nursing pads out there.
While the print is adorable and on trend, I feel like the quality of this crib sheet is in par with ones I've purchased at Target for $10. For a $30+ crib sheet, I was expecting it to feel more soft than what it actually is. The black print has already started to show some wash wear/fading after two washes with Dreft on gentle cycle, low heat dry. I definitely feel like you're paying for the print and not quality. A bit of a disappointment.
These are the worst bibs on the market!  The pocket doesn't catch anything and the fabric just soaks through.<br />I would only recommend buying the Perfect Pocket Bib from a company called Goo-Goo Baby.  Best bib in the world, and the pocket really works!!!  Not like these ones.  They are biodegradable too.<br />Jen, mother of 4.
good
grated product defective
Nice simple night light. About what you would expect for the money.
Runs very small. Son is 3lbs & 4&#34; smaller than the 'fits' size for sm/med and it's still too small.
the stuff animal fell off with in first week.
these bottles have an inner nipple which takes up a lot of valuable real estate in the dishwasher.  they also became discolored after awhile.  i was not impressed with these bottles at all and ended up switching to the tommee tippee bottles which i like much better.
the railing would not stay put on my child's bed. i returned it and will look for a different model.
the replacement is great, but for the love of everything that's holy, why do breast pumps in 2014 still require so many parts to keep track of? can't we move to better ux for breast pumps already?
really thin blanket, i was expecting a thicker, more plush quality blanket. found a better option at fred meyer.
work well but too sensitive.
sheets and blanket are very thin but decided to keep it cause it is such a cute design and inexpensive. my daughter loves it.
it works great. for the price, the materials are fantastic. i have an easy time adjusting the belts and operating the buckles. i know there were a couple reviews that said they were challenging, but honestly , the hooks work better than the other three carseats we have gone for. the buckles are easy and i can even adjust the belts easily with my bad wrists. a+++ on this . also , delivery was prompt. early even.
beware of length. states 90 inches across, my fireplace is 86 inches across and it was still several inches short. i noticed this complaint on other reviews as well. can't return it because i used it.
you get what you pay for
i was very disappointed in the quality of this bag. i purchased it because it's large and matches our carseat.  i carried it less than a month and the straps started to tear. that's pretty sad when you pay so much for something.
tried once to my 8month old son. failed to use this cup. but then someday i wish he would love it.
compact. i love the color and the idea of making them pike keychaine
very poor quality. broke immediately after use.
these pull out in the diaper genie too easiliy, wasting a lot of bag.
the idea behind this product is great! i often struggle with my daughters squeezing pouches and making a huge mess so i was excited to find this. unfortunately, the closures are not very tight and they are able to open them and take the pouches out. was actually going to see about returning them. would definitely purchase in the future if the company figured out how to make them a bit more kid proof
i searched everywhere for a car seat with a harness to accommodate my giant one year old.  he wears a 4t, but is only one so i needed a harness that would last a few years until he is old enough for a lap belt. this was one of the few i could find that didn't cost a fortune. the reviews on walmart.com were mostly positive, but i should have listened to the reviews here. after trying to tough it out and make it work for three weeks, i am forced to return it. the bottom button where the harness attaches is placed way to short on the seat. i have smashed my poor son into it, but after accidentally buckling a piece of his thigh because of the positioning (which can not be adjusted) i decided enough was enough. when i try to help by loosening the straps, it isnt safe because his torso isn't properly fitted. removing the extra cushioning didn't help either.
while i love the convenience of being able to directly pump into the bag these are not good quality bags. they are overpriced and not worth the money. they leak and waste precious milk. several of them have torn while i was trying to open them prior to pumping which makes it hard to attach to the pump. overall, i would rather pump into a bottle and freeze in a higher quality bag
i like the bottle. i was a bit confused as to why the number are backwards on the outside but it made sense when i saw them on the inside...i am able to measure the amount better by being able to see the numbers on the inside. if you dislike plastic bottles like i do, it's worth getting. a bit pricey but overall a good bottle and very cute colors!!!
crappy product. both the cups leak at the rim! dont waste your money.
the first thing i noticed was the hanger was rusty! this had flimsy material and top stches by hanger were already coming undone. the style was dated and did not look modern at all. i returned this one.
it pills after only a couple washes. disappointed in the quality.
i'm using this with a wet bag for cotton prefolds. i find it's a bit small and very cumbersome when it comes to changing out the bag. i think it would work well for disposables, particularly with the dekor bag system. for cloth diapers, you're better off going with a regular trash can.
after a couple of months of my son sleeping in one of those little rock and play sleepers the back of his head started to feel a little flat.  i ordered this and we used it when he was laying on the floor or on a hard surface.  it did immediately help his flat head, so that was great.  my issue is more with the design.  the velcro is in a weird spot and not very functional.  also, the outer ring of the head pillow thing is too small.  my kid has a big head and he was only able to use this for about 2 months before he outgrew it.  so, i'm not really sure it was worth spending the money on this thing.
seems like a great design due to being lightweight and compact.  but unfortunately, i found it flimsy and hard to use.  the strap's ratchet would slip instead of making one last click that would have perhaps tightened it enough to prevent the flexing and wobbling that made me less than confident about putting my son in the seat and running through an airport with him in tow.<br /><br />tried the unit on both our chicco nextfit and britax frontier 90.  both seats were not stable enough.  returned the mini travelmate and ordered a more substantial setup from britax that worked on both our seats, and was much easier to install/remove because it leverages the seat's latch connectors.
i wanted to like this. it was cute and flame retardant free (i believe). the tail frayed right away (will wash ok as my babes spit up a lot). its quite small. should be a bit larger, but man was this so expensive for something that doesnt really function the way i'd like.<br /><br />i cannot reccomend this, even though i wanted badly to.
while i like the concept of table toppers, this one is not one that i would recommend.  it sticks well on most surfaces, but the print on the table topper is too bright and distracting.  our 1-year old sometimes can't spot little pieces of food lying right there in front of her!  i would have much preferred a simpler design (preferably without cartoon characters) and a lighter color.
Light bulbs burn out all the time. Not just fan. Doing it on another fan we ordered from this company.
My 7 month old son also fit the entire pacifier in his mouth yesterday and would have suffocated if I hadn't been there to get it out. So scary! I would urge you not to use this pacifier. The fine print in the item description recognizes this danger and says to only let your child use this with adult supervision.
love this!
my package arrived with oil stains all over the box. my belly oil leaked at least 1/3 of the bottle because they didn't care enough to close it correctly. and it must have been old because when i bought another belly butter from target, the texture was completely different!
the child part of the baby monitor is no longer working, and i only used it for a few days
i ordered this to use when we are not at home because my 17 month old doesn't sleep well in the play pen with the mat provided.  it fits wonderfully but i thought it might be a little softer.  i find he might as well sleep on a board.  wish it was a little softer.
box was mutilated. gate hinges were all broken, and there were half the number of panels as described and as pictures.
doesn't look like it does in the picture on the box. it comes out all floppy and thin, not cushy & compact as one would expect from a product that does what this is supposed to do.  i use it, but really could have done without it for the most part.  should've purchased something from the store so i could check out the quality.
do not buy!!!! i have had this for about months and have not been able to enjoy if for more than 2 days. the 1st day we were so excited to use it and it worked great. day 2 the camera would not connect so i called customer service and they did something over the phone where they reset it and it worked. day 3 it worked fine. day 4 lost connection. basically we are over it and returning it asap. i did not buy it from amazon but want to warn other parents not to buy this unit. it has been nothing but a headache.
honestly, this is the worst i've used so far.  i got this due to running out of bags and there was a sale in store.  i always wanted to try pump and save because it has the adapters so that i can pump directly without washing bottles.  but that, along with the fact that the bags stand on itself are probably the only pros of it. now onto the cons:    - leaked on the first bag! the zipper closure did not seal well  - the zipper was hard to open, be very careful or the bag can break (on my 3rd bag)  - when it reads 5oz it was less than 5oz, but when you fill 5oz and close, it will spill over  - the edge of the bag is very sharp and hard, so wear something thick to not scratch yourself  - besides the edges, the other area of the bag feels flimsy and not durable (wrinkle easily)  - storing less than 5oz in a pumping bag isn't very feasible, many moms build up enough supplies for freezer stash after a few months, meaning babies drink more than 5oz easily!  - hard to write on the labeling area    i get why the bags are so low in ratings!  now if you still want the pros of medela bag, i'd suggest this:  - direct pump: other brands like honeysuckle sells pump bags, or pump adapters separately.  or you can make your own by cutting a small hole for the adapters to fit in.  - bags that are self-standing: get nuk, only 1 leak out of 50 (and for that one i did not zipped it properly), or honeysuckle regular (3 leaks out of 100), honeysuckle pump bags (feels weaker than regular but still only 3 leaks out of 100), or lansinoh (5 leaks out of 100)
blanket images are smudged.  my son still likes it so i kept it.
maybe it's just me but i found that while this did a good job preventing cracking and dryness it did nothing to help with pain and rawness and almost made it feel worse.
the proteins in baby's only are 82% casein (same rate as in pure cow milk) which makes it too hard to digest for infants under 12 months and causes severe constipation. proteins in breast milk are 10% casein in early lactation, 40% in mature milk and 50% in late lactation; the rest is whey. proteins in regular infant formulas are usually about 40% casein. this is the reason why baby's only manufacturer, nature's one, markets it as a toddler formula (which it is, and an excellent one) and not simply because they want to promote exclusive breastfeeding before 12 months like they suggest...
i wanted to like this cover due to the affordability. unfortunately i ran into a few problems:<br /><br />1) size: this can be a pro or a con. the cover itself can fit inside of a bumgenius 4.0 for a better perspective in the size. the smaller size allowed a comfy fit for my newborn, but i do have concerns regarding the fit as she grows. the size can make finding a correct sized insert a headache.<br />2) bee bum: the cover does not allow a nice trim against the body. i placed one 5 layer insert and a small newborn insert (as a booster) and i suddenly ended up with a fluffy butt. i have placed the same set up in my flip and ecobum (similar in price range) and the results still allowed a trim look.<br />3) adjustable snaps: there is no stitching that allows the adjustable snaps to lay back. when i would undo the cover the side snaps would automatically curl/slip forward into the mess on the insert. if the fecal matter accidentally got on the adjustable snaps, due to the curling issue of the flaps,i would have to chunk the cover in the dry pail. i may get 1-2 uses out of the cover due to this issue.<br />4) quality of the stitching: compared next to a lower range cost cover like ecobum, this kawaii baby cover is lower in quality.<br />5) front pocket: it has a 1/4 pocket at the front that allows an insert to hold its place better, which is a positive since covers similar in cost (like ecobum) do not have this feature.<br />6) laminated polyester: the waterproofing material is thicker than compared to a ecobum. the issue of concern is the tpu for this cover has a slight stretch. stretching can cause issues with waterproofing and can lead to cover leaks. so far i have not had any leaks in relation to the cover/tpu, but i am concerned with this issue in the future as the cover becomes used over time.<br /><br />overall pros: nice snug fit for newborns and smaller sized infants, has a 1/4 front pocket for holding inserts, does as expected in acting as a waterproofed diaper cover.<br />i literally place this cover at the back of the stash and only use it on laundry days. i am willing to give the company another try with their pocket diapers, but this particular cover from kawaii baby is a personal no-go for me.
we are happy with the mobile itself.  it was very easy to put together and was just what we needed for our little guy's room.<br /><br />however, we cannot give this item 5 stars because we feel like we were cheated.  we would call it overpriced since it came with a clearance sticker for much less than we paid!  we paid about $40 for this product on amazon.  when it arrived, the box was pretty beaten up and there was a clearance sticker on it for $6.99.  this was very disappointing.
3 stars because it looks awesome, really fun to play with, and looks great as a desk ornament but it comes with a european plug with a standard us wall plug adapter to attach to it. the adapter keeps falling off and won't stay on. plus it's a bit faulty seeing that i got zapped by it when i plugged it in. choice is yours.
this is a very clever design! all the holes are under the soft plastic top. when your child goes to drink, the liquid seeps out the edge. if you turn the cup on its side and press the top you can get liquid to come out, but if just dropped there isn't much spillage. top rack dishwasher safe. hope this helps!
not working
son still leaked
they were way too little
these tear up your doors. don't buy them.
i hate it.  seems like mattress for dolls not real baby.  size smaller than advertised and too thin
it's very cute and looks exactly like the pictures. however, it is not easy to hang up the wall art or diaper stacker because the ties aren't long enough. and, even more disappointing, after i washed the blanket for the first time, the stuffing inside of it got all bunched up. now it is lumpy.
it's nice that it has the weighted ball but the cup tends to leak even if you use the little pressure knob thing.
these are very thin and therefore do not absorb much liquid, which is the primary purpose of a feeding bib! instead i used muslin cloths wrapped around like a bandana and tucked under baby's chin.
my wife didn't like the leachco snoogle as much as some of the other reviews. there is a great review here about how hard the cover is to put on with the zipper. the one i got did not have a zipper. instead it is two cases and you wiggle it on from either end and it overlaps in the middle. this is probably a better design than a long zipper which i can certainly see being a pain. that said it is still kind of a pain to put on.
amazing cup!!! i have been really over using my daughters straw cups and losing all the pieces or trying to keep them clean and wanted something spill proof but simpler and i stumbled across these!! omg i cant say enough good about them!! easy to clean and use, my daughter is 2 and was a little confused at first but picked it up quickly! they are 100% spill proof and after a week of use, so far i have nothing but great things to say about them! they have been dropped, washed in the dishwasher, and every other day to day use and so far holding up very well with my destructive toddler! you wont be disappointed! i just ordered 3 more!! :)
it looks nice at the beginning, but just after a few uses the closing mechanism broke‚Ä?doesn¬¥t make any sense.  poor quality product.
i love the aden & anais products but this sleep sack is ok.
i will not recommend if you have over a 65 inch opening. the gate is pretty heavy and good quality. one of the plastic pieces that just fill in a space was cracked. we have exactly 72&#34; opening and we are going to have to add wood on each side to accommodate the gate because i want to make it work. i can't find anything like this other than one of those folded ones which are very expensive.
did not fit my mclaren tx. besides, next day after trying to put them on (by the instruction:, wet and and some dish soap inside) started stink terribly...
a cool idea.  give it to a toddler and tell him/her that they have to hold it by the handle for it not to spill.  or not to drop it because the bowl will pop put.  yeah right, see how well that works for you.<br /><br />it's now a toy box item.  one step above the trash can.  save your money.
overrated.
adorable, good quality and arrived on time, but smaller than expected.  i should have read the dimensions.
was sent to me in the wrong color,which is not that big of a deal i guess. luckily i don't care if my son has or uses pink things,but some moms would. only used it once so far to mash an avocado-it did okay. my son prefers the creaminess that the blender makes,but he took a few bites of it this way.
its an ok buy for the price.... my britax stroller did not fit completely. i had to remove the wheels so it could fit. it did the job though.
Excellent.
Baby would not take because of the shape.
Parents everywhere will be using this to break the paci addiction. Just add bitter medicine and in no time, your toddler will fear the paci!
Takes a long time to start taking tempature.
this product works exactly as described.
as other reviewers have stated, this is not very powerful.  its size is nice but it just doesn't do the job.
so far my kiddos love these cups.  they are not leaking yet and hold the perfect amount of liquid.  so far so good.
excellent
baby didn't want anything to do with it
worked sorta. but as new parent you just learn to have a diaper handy to catch rogue pee.
I have two of these seats, so bought two of the straps. After carrying the seats through two airports, the clip on one strap broke.  They also never sat right on my shoulder and became unbearable to carry after a while.  I recommend getting a luggage cart and a couple of bungee cords rather than these.
these fit snug into some of my wall outlets but not all. my 9 month old was able to pull them right out.
great product
these weren't sticking like i wanted it to but i still use them
overpriced, but quality is ok.
it's tiny-- and looks like a toy glass. not worth the $5. i should have looked closer at the description.
i'm not too impressed with these buti-pods. one arrived with a tear on the seam and overall it doesn't seem like they'll last very long. also, the zipper doesn't slide too easily, and often times requires two hands, which can be difficult when trying to juggle a baby and everything else that goes along with one.
i ordered the fast flow nipples but received the slow nipples.
&#34;no leak&#34; my foot. leaked like crazy. i replaced it with the take & toss for straw cups and the munchkin 360 spillproof for when i need the no-leak no-spill feature.
these are cute and colorful.  there is a chip of plastic missing on the lip of the cup, which is greatly disappointing (and i couldn't return it due to it being a christmas present from santa).  i'm not sure how well the image will hold up with actual use and washing, so i recommended that my child use it in their play kitchen as play dishes.  also, i just found it at walgreen's for $5.99 regular price, so i paid twice as much.  my five year old is more than happy with it, so that's what matters.
2 stars for adorable diapers and very easy to use. they really weren't as absorbaet as i had hoped.. the microfiber is a little bit of a pain. i did all of the prep work and they still didn't work well for me...i hope you have better luck if you decide to go with these.
my 5 month old loves this! it helps him stretch and strengthen his little legs!
it has a hard time picking up the crying of my infant.
None available.
this thing sucks! i can't believe it has any stars at all. it falls over with no toys on it. stupid me for not reading reviews!
Pacifier is made of really hard material.
the fist few times we used these they worked great; however, after washing 2-3 by hand the suction stopped working.  they aren't good for the microwave so we just use them for cold stuff and hold the bowls ourselves.  also, i wish there were lids for at least one of the bigger bowls but it's just the smallest one.  overall it's an o.k. product.
kind of small and a little chintzy for the price...i expected a plush oversized bib, it was not
if given the choice, i'd probably go with a different unit. while the bells and whistles are really cool when they work, the price is probably not worth your hassle. we are on our third unit, since the first two have failed. the first one stopped connecting entirely, and in the second, the charging housing on the unit has come lose. to their credit, withings has great customer service and despite this being a gift (hence no proof of purchase) they've replaced our unit (twice now).
it works.  but compared to the other bottles available out there, the material is flimsy and the design is cheap.  and good luck cleaning those tubes after each feeding. i use it once in a blue moon when we go on a long car ride,<br />lo is screaming for a bottle and we are unable to stop and feed him.  not worth purchasing.
way smaller than i thought. company did replace the first item that broke.  but was hoping to use at the park for my daughter to be able to move around and play in. this is not for that!!
purchased this thinking it would have elastic around the bottom like a regular fitted sheet to fit around a mattress so i could use it on a mattress made for the pack n play, instead of just the padded hard board the pack n play comes with. but it has square corners with no elastic, just sewn like an envelope with no give at all. if this was described somewhere i missed it, unfortunately. glad i only bought one instead of 2 like i was planning. if you're using it for the board the pack n play comes with then it's perfect. i have since purchased garanimals brand pack n play sized sheets that are fitted and work much better. and they were 2 for the same price as this one graco sheet.
this product does serve the purpose it's intended to serve.  but, having a growing 9 month old whose curiosity grew with her, our baby was able to pull this product off very easily.  i blame this on the adhesive not being strong enough, but at the same time, if it were stronger, it might damage the furniture.  so, i'll pick my battles and just say that i wouldn't recommend this product for not being strong enough to stand up to a baby's natural desire to explore with their hands.
this is not a rattle. quality is poor. the warning link says &#34;not for children under 3 years&#34; but is targeted to infants. do yourself a favor & sew bells or other noise makers to your child's socks.
it's a nice piece, warm and easy to use.<br /><br />however be aware -<br /><br />1) if you do not use a car seat base, and need to put a seatbelt through it, it becomes a bit of a hassle - the cozy cover tends to pop off the when threading the seatbelt. (regular bundle me works better for that)<br /><br />2) if it's a graco carseat snapped into a graco snap n go, you can't get the cover on while the seat is snapped in - has to be taken out first<br /><br />3) with a newborn - the baby's head sits lower than the opening, and you need to open the zippers. the zipper corners may poke the baby's eyes - they should have made the zippers curve outwards not inwards<br /><br />4) safety alert - with other kids in the backseat, it's too easy for them to put the flap down, covering the baby's face altogether
the straws work great but break very easily.
waste of money.  if you do not have a tile shower, do not get this.  this fell several times, one of them almost hitting my 2 year old in the bath tub.
too small for a young toddler
do not be deceived. this is just a big nightlight.
photo didn't express letters on ducks. that was disappointing
not very useful
pretty. it fits. but the umbrella circumference is very small. disappointed. woukd only be effective to cover the car seat. not a child in the stroller that's forward facing.
i suppose the necklace is pretty cute, but this is the new alchemy. sure, baltic amber is a mild analgesic, but there's no reliable evidence to suggest that it can be absorbed through the skin in such a way as to have any impact on teething pain. if you enjoy reading tea leaves, have at it.
does not meet the standard that was describe during the purchase, highly disappointed.
doesn't stay latched and is flimsy, i wouldn't trust this to keep an actual child safe. i bought it to keep my old dog from going down stairs.
really disappointed. we did a ton of research to find the best mattress - our priorities were relatively high number of coils, low (stronger) gauge for coils and for border rods (this mattress supposedly has 204 coils, 15.5 gauge, with 6 gauge border wire), and square corners. our box came mangled, the mattress twisted and with a s pronounced bulge running down length of infant side. also, the corner supports are not in the corners but in 3 inches - very dangerous! border wire imperceptible, and the whole thing doesn't feel &#34;firm&#34; so much as &#34;cushy.&#34; seems like this had a rough life before it got to us, but we are not confident that a replacement would address the other strength defects.
these do the job, but are pretty thin and aren't anything to write home about in the softness/comfort department. i'm glad i have an extra sheet, but i think i would have preferred to have gotten a padded sheet now that i see how this compares after having been washed.
does this camera have night vision mode even with the color monitor? and does it have sound when the baby cries.....a god father who is looking for excellent quality for my god child.
somehow water still gets in her eyes every now and then no matter how careful i am... still it is way easier than the ones that go completely on the child's head - my toddler won't ever leave those on - so it is still better for us than others we have tried.
placed the order on thursday got it on saturday. used it on sunday. my daughter is 2 years 4 months and it was a good fit. but was not able to wash very good on places near the ear. but my daughter is still crying just because she is afraid that water will flow over, expecting it to get better. will update the review again after a few weeks.<br /><br />i tried it on me and it was tight near my ears. i am not sure if it is the same way for my daughter!!!
it's convenient works well. used on recent vacation. make sure to have back of seat reclined some to have it close
So far good a bit cheap but good
Loved it for my baby, kept air out of his mouth.
What I received was totaly different from the picture. Also, the product was put in an unencapsulated plastic bag. Very very very disappointed. Damn it!
i never write reviews but was so disappointed in this and what's more important when baby is sick than dependable readings? started getting irratic readings within months, low battery. replaced the battery and still getting 95.7 on all the readings when my daughter had 100* fever:( do not buy this. i'm going to try a braun thermoscan, my third thermometer and write the company to dee if i can be reimbursed.
do not stick
i use this as a wet bag. i love the print, thats why i bought it in the first place. its a medium size, will hold about 6 soiled diapers and 6-12 soiled inserts. perfect for on the go. i love the mesh zipper pouch in the front also so you can keep dry/clean inserts in the same bag. perfect for a large diaper bag!<br /><br />***upadte***<br />its been just a few weeks since i received and reviewed this product. i have now had a 180.<br />this bag has started to leak. the waterproof inner has begun tearing at the seams. small little slits all along the sides. i wash it probably once a week since i do rotate between two wet bags with my diapers, so really not that often. i thought that it was a great buy until this issue started. i would rather spend more for another kanga care bag :( sad, because i do love the print and the wet and dry pockets.
i bought babyplus about over 6 years ago<br /><br />i have both 2 year old and 5 year old. here is the story i like to share too.<br /><br />i used when i was pregnant with my 5 year old son following the instructions . he is a very smart and sweet boy but he has been diagnosed as sensory integration order and behaved as add.<br />we have been struggled with 3 years now. though things got so much improved , he still has spd issue and is very sensitive to sounds. he has development delay in term of maturity.<br />from 3 times visit in last few years all we know he is not a typical kid no matter how smart he is . as parents, we need invest much time and energy for the treatments.  for now, each time he goes to concert, he has to wear a headset to reduce the sound.<br /><br />while for my 2 years old, i didn't use that much as i always forgot. i used after 24 weeks probably 3 times a week .  she is pretty normal so far compared to her brother.  interesting , she never shows any problem to sound and she has much better attention span.<br /><br />i don't know what is the cause of two kids but i definitely not suggest to use the device during pregnancy .
if sitting the cup pressurizes and send milk up and out the straw. if you don't catch it in time you will find a puddle of milk in your diaper bag or car seat. also the handles have a small notch they need to click into. if this isn't done the cup leaks at the collar. not to mention the ears cause a small cavity that can be a pain to clean inside the cup. if my wife hadn't of bought so many of them and my daughter loves them i would throw every last one away.<br /><br />why not one star? cause it's a cheap sippy cup. really what was i expecting?
cute picture on the mat and large enough to cover a good portion of the table in front of the child.  it sticks well, but can be pulled up at the edges by a child if they are determined.  i just like having something clean to put the food on rather than the table top.
does not stick
two stars due to leak... let me start by saying that this sprayer is phenomenal for rinsing soiled cloth diapers. it is an easy install with handy shut-off valve that prevents accidental sprayings and mischief from the older kids in the house. good pressure and spray pattern make quick work of an otherwise messy task. we made one ourselves for the first kid using a sink sprayer and several adapters; no comparison here, the osocozy is far superior and worth the extra $$. please read on!<br /><br />more on the leak... ours had a small drip almost immediately. over 2 months the drip has developed into a steady stream running out of the base of the sprayer whenever the valve is open. just ordered a replacement; luckily amazon provides a full refund for returned items and we beat the cut-off for a restocking fee.
we thought the ottoman rocked as well and that is what we were hoping for. it does not rock with the chair.
not what i expected. it needs to be a tad bit longer and the spoon wider and deeper. holds nothing.
favorite bottle brush cleans really well without scratching!!! dr browns bottles require some deep cleaning but this makes it much easier and it's worth it i swear by these bottles.
flimsy
can't get them to roll back up so they really don't get used. don't know if i'm doing something wrong but it shouldn't be that complicated if so.
i have two lean little boys, who had a constant problem with &#34;droopy bottoms&#34;. the dapper snapper was a perfect solution. it helps keep their pants up with out having to be unbuckled every time i change their diapers. great design!
these shrink bad in the wash.
its okay but i returned and bought the munchkin brand instead.
gate was delivered on time, but box seemed to be opened and used. plastic zip ties were already cut, like product had been returned before. product was dusty and dirty. there were no instructions and took two hours to put up. very disappointed in amazon.
the corner design works well in our bathtub, but the suction cups do not stay in place no matter how carefully you place them, and we have a regular tub and surround, no fancy or unusual materials.
the spring got stuck after just 2 months.  terrible quality.
very cheap quality, and they do not fit mam pacifiers, which are my son's favorite. i do not recommend purchasing.
don't waste your money on this monitor. it has so much static and is very annoying. i read all of the reviews and still purchased it, but now i wish that i wouldn't have.
i ordered two of these for my 8 month old twins.  i was excited to see ones that worked with the avent soothie pacifiers.  unfortunately, they don't stay on them.  within a few minutes, my babies had a stuffed toy in one hand and a pacifier in the other.  maybe they'd work better with other brands, but their big selling point was that they worked with the soothies.  used them for less than a day - what a waste.
i have 3 kids under 5 and would venture to say i'm not the only parent who has found sippy cups to be an almost perpetually disappointing baby gear category.  mold, spouts that get chewed on rather than sipped from, leaks, too much suction, too little suction, poor design...i think i've seen it all. then add to that breastfed babies and toddlers who have taken longer to learn cup skills and been quite picky. in short, i've been relieved when each child has &#34;figured it out&#34; and graduated to older-kid cup options.<br /><br />i bought this set for my 11-month-old who is approaching weaning and really just starting to figure out cup skills. the main things i was looking for were a 2-handle design, hard spout (she treats soft spouts like teething toys), just the right &#34;flow speed&#34; (not too much suction required to get fluid out---this is a breastfed baby who hasn't had too many bottles--yet not gushing either), and, of course, no leaks when the valve is in place.<br /><br />what's great:  1. the size--holds enough fluid for an older baby yet isn't too tall (taller cups seem more awkward for a cup learner to tip and maneuver). 2. the spout. the shape seems intuitive for my picky breastfed daughter and it's hard enough that it isn't getting the &#34;chew toy treatment&#34; 3. they stack! hooray for space-saving. 4. the flow--comes out without excessive suction yet doesn't flow so fast as to make a mess. 5. so far, leak-free. it's been well-tested through dropping, tipping, shaking, etc.<br /><br />what i'm concerned about: mold and mildew. so far we are squeaky clean, but the cup is harder to clean than the sippy cups i use for my older children because of the shape of the underside of the spout. it has some &#34;valleys&#34; and crevices similar to the equivalent playtex sippy cups (which i am no fan of) and will need a thorough clean after each use and regular trips to the dishwasher in order to keep nasty growths at bay.  it may be completely fine with good care or it may not. i will update this review when i've had the cup longer and adjust my rating as needed.
smaller than i thought it would be... need to change bags often. good odor control until you change bags (of course).
it was easy enough to put together wasn't as hard as some claim it to be. but the movement part didn't roll very well though. we just removed the walker part after he started standing and then removed the top and laid it on the floor. my boy beat the crap out it and the we gave it to another young couple for there new born. only used it for like 4-5 months.
baby wipes dried out quickly in this container. don't waste your money.
i just received these in the mail as part of a set with lamp and mobile. to see these retail so much by themselves is pretty crazy. i'm disappointed in the quality of artwork. it looks so much better in the pic online  than real. it literally looks like someone took some markers and cheap paint and hand painted the decor on cheap canvas. the only nice thing are the sayings which were obviously done in stencil. i could have done something better myself. it was a gift and is part of baby girls nursery so i will still use, but if you are considering this for artwork, id recommend spending your money elsewhere.
nice bag and loved the fact it was made in usa big problem is the zipper. there is a gap between the end and the closure. i would not recommend this for anything that could spill crumbs or that could dry out.
great potty. the music helps teach to close the lid when done and also let's me know when she is done!
these aspirators do not work. i purchased a second one thinking the first one i bought was s did, but nope. spend your money on something else. the bulbis too hard yo decompress and when it does its way too slow to be effective. cheap junk!
loved it
i love the idea of these spoons but twice i've received spoons that are chipped which isn't safe for baby to eat with.
the plastic around the frame is all scratched up and damaged.  the actual frame even has some scratches on it.  looks like it's been through the ringer and it's supposed to be brand new.
i guess you get what you pay for. i honestly think that the $14.99 price is asking too much for the quality of this product. the wood was very cheap and cracked very easily. the adjustment was either too tight or too loose and didn't fit in either place i tried to place it. i did give it 2 stars as i received this product very quickly. i returned this product the next day.
i really like the sounds and effects it has. sadly, my 9month old didn't find much interest in it. he just throws it. but hopefully later on he'll have a blast with it. my boyfriend and i have fun with it though xd. we like twisting it a lot.
this sheet is soft, but poor quality. after a few washes, the elastic lost its stretch and the stitching has become frayed.
overall good bag, the washing instructions do recommend that it be hung up to dry, which is not as convenient, but overall it functions well.
these only work with very minimal leakage. i have woken up several times with a wet bra (and not because the pads werent on properly) definitely not good for overnight..
I've retouned.... because the screan did not work well
the ones we got when this was a lightning deal, definitely from this item page, do not have the handle part protruding from the shield. they have the same design on them, but the front that doesn't go into our baby's mouth is flat with a few holes cut out.<br /><br />just feels misleading to get a different product than what's pictured, especially since it's useful to have a handle. that's why many pacifiers have one and why the original design had one. the case feels cheap too, and i'm not sure it's actually bpa-free like the pacifiers are promised to be. wouldn't want that leaching. i will update this review if the company promises all cases ever produced for this item have been bpa-free as well.<br /><br />fortunately our baby seems to like them. after being weirded out on the first try, 10 minutes later she was asleep with one of them. that said, the unexplained difference from the product images and low-quality-looking case are enough to deduct two stars.
the microsuede liner is the nicest of any stay dry liner i've used but the flap to stuff these is in an odd location and likes to flip up after its stuffed, i haven't had any poo go inside the liner but i can see that it easily could. they also don't feel like they should cost as much as they do. honestly i'd put them at just a nudge above alvababy, your still getting just microfiber inserts afterall.
i thought the board is should be more bigger, but it wasn't. well my little baby was so happy the board.
i thought the whole screen would light up, but no just the little picture in the corner did. my 16 mth baby really wanted nothing to do with it. i was pretty disappointed :(
this will not work with all jugs!......better to get the screw on....that will be more universal
we have gone through so many lids cracking and breaking.  we've only lost one bottle ever; but have lost 4 lids due to cracking/splitting.
not soft for a new born baby,i don't like it.
great monitor in the beginning. after 13 month (1 month past warranty), the camera lost the ability to move and zoom in. too much money for something that'll break in 13 months.  like i said, it worked great for 13 months but i rated it one star because i expected it to last a little longer.
was too small for bassinet pad
very good quality,  it fits small  good  for pre kinder only
useless
i ordered these cups for my son.  when i received them, i got a 2-pack of pink cups.  granted, the description does say colors may vary, but you would think if i ordered masculine looking cups, i'd get something in masculine or at the very least neutral colors....not pink.  well, i guess this boy will be getting in touch with his feminine side....again!  poor guy, he was finally going to get something new, not hand-me-downs from his sister!
i hate this thing. i heard great reviews so i bought it hiping itd help with my discomfort. i'm 5'2 and 140lbs (7 months pregnant.) i don't know how anyone finds a comfortable position with this thing. it's super firm and not flexible at all. my body just doesn't fit in it. i want to return it but already threw the packaging out like an idiot, so i guess i have a $50 cat bed. awesome.
i like it but it was missing a piece, it was suppose to come with three small drawers but i only got two small drawers.  i like it enough to keep it - for the price, it wasn't worth all the work to exchange it and it will serve its purpose.
kid loves it
i needed an affordable seat with a high weight limit for my toddler who i am keeping rear-facing. this seat fits the bill and is cute. the seat is very large but it's super simple to install and fits fine in my van's second row bucket seat (don't hate, i have 3 booster seats in the back bench!)<br /><br />this seat, however, can't be very comfortable. it has zero padding, no styrofoam on the seat and no padding in the cover. it's great for short trips or as an extra seat but i'll likely replace it soon with a more comfortable model for longer trips.
gift
not good material and the suction comes off after one wash and you can't put it back on!
looks fine once assembled. putting it together was a struggle. the lock system did not work well. would've been easier to just use screws.
liked it while i had it, but the latch opened and fell off one day somewhere in public.  never saw it again.
great product.
had a hard time with this getting the food out my grand son had a hard time we had to keep pushing the back to help him .
i look forward to using this once my baby gets a bit older, but it doesn't work so well with a newborn with no neck control. also, the giant stickers that cover the entire tub are so infuriating. you would need a gallon of goo gone to get rid of them.
these are okay, but they do sink which isn't as much fun for my daughter to play with.  they are easy for her to hold onto, and well made however.
i bought this as a replacement for avent 8 ounce cup. since i could not find the avent 8 ounce cup anymore, i bought this one as it said 8 ounce in the title. but actually it is a 5 ounce cup and if you top it up to maximum possible limit it comes close to 8 ounce but there are no measurements after 5 ounce mark.<br />also it is very easy to misalign the internal spout to the lid, and when that happens this leaks very badly.<br />it was a big mistake that i bought this and had i noticed these defects before i opened this i would have returned this as clearly the title is misleading.
my son fits in it perfectly but its too short for him, i feel like when he touches the ground he'll outgrow the seat
some people swear by them, some say it's a crock.  it didn't seem to make a difference on my baby.
the product it's self works fine but my product had to be shipped twice due to the first time it supposedly ended up in a different state.then once i received the product after it was shipped  again,it's not the color i chose.
perfect sound quality
it's a little smaller than i expected.  my baby is 14 pounds and it's pretty tight in the shoulders.  much more than the regular cotton woombie.
these dont work as well as the brand name ones, they unroll way too easily. spend the extra couple bucks on the real thing!
it's just a acceptable built product.
i haven't yet used the product, but want to point out something that is not in the pictures.<br /><br />we registered for this product because according to the pictures it didn't have any logos or pictures or cutesy animals on it. it does, there is a bear face on the hood part of the towel. if you're looking for a neutral towel, this is not your choice.<br /><br />this was mis-represented as a logo/picture free towel.
for an inexpensive bowl and spoon set, they get the job done.  the bowls are very lightweight and the perfect size for small appetites.  my 2.5-year-old loves choosing which color she wants to use, and i feed my 8-month-old from these as well.  we bought them for using during travel, so i do like that they nest and are so lightweight.  the spoons handles are easy to grip for my toddler as she feeds herself, and for my husband and me as we feed the baby.  the shape of the end of the spoon that holds food is nice--it's not too shallow, so i can serve thin purees or soups, and it's not so deep that my kids can't get their food out of the bottom.  the one drawback about the spoons is that the end that holds the food has melted on three of them!  the only thing we can figure is that the water in the dishwasher gets too hot.  we can't come up with any other option, but our water heater isn't even set very high, so it is surprising to us.  we have tossed the three spoons with the melted tips.
it's to much work to clean
did not work for me. wrinkles and peeling and pain in the neck
i generally like this pack 'n play. i really love the vance pattern! this is easy to set up and take down and i don't have a hard time remembering how to do it when it's been a long time since i last moved it. the bassinet is very comfortable, however the umbrella over the bassinet does not work well (it neither attaches well nor can it move when it's attached. it easily falls down on baby). i was never able to get the diaper changing station to attach unless i wanted to do damage to the crib's fabric. but i never needed the changing station so i didn't miss it. it is nice having storage on the side of the pack 'n play but the shelves have no support and cannot hold heavy items. we tend to only place light items on the shelves such as socks, hats, and mittens. i would have chosen a different pack 'n play just to get better storage.
the product itself is wonderful but it came damaged.  i, was so disappointed as it was a baby shower gift
This was a very disappointing purchase. The swaddle material is WAY too flexible. It allowed my 10 lb 6 week old baby to maneuver his way out of it.  That should NOT happen with a baby this tiny and with such unintentional, immature movements. So, getting past that...the &#34;weights&#34; (sewn in bean bags like the little ones you toss) are awkwardly placed. I think if they would place Velcro on the inside and some velcro on a couple bean bags...it would work better. When you finally stretch out this material and get baby all wrapped up...you'll find the weights are in weirdo spots. It was a poor investment. On a positive note, I did buy a different wrap the Alden + Anais &#34;Easy Swaddle Blanket&#34;. Perfect Swaddle with a perfect fit. To sweeten the deal a little more...it's less expensive!
wasn't as it is shown in the picture
this solar light only worked for about a week.  i even changed the battery in it and it still didn't work again.  it's pretty and when the wind blows it twirls, which is nice, but i wanted a solar light.  so i don't recommend this product.
fits iphone 6 plus perfectly but one of the diamonds fell out and i keep having to use super glue about once a week because the chain of diamonds on the border keep come bf loose. very pretty but i think it should not be used as an every day case.
great price! will buy again and again for nieces that are born in this family. she loved it.
i can't see my baby when i use it
great set for a 3 month old baby. it assists her mom with carrying all the essentials with room for other nonsensical items.
Great
Worst! Dont buy. The plastic is too hard!
annoying and loud. same as a dog toy.
do not buy it if you are using the natural bottles, coz it can not hold 4 natural bottles and their nipples at the same time. i have to do twice every time!
this worked well for my son for just a few months however with all of his squirming the shoulder straps broke within 3 months of daily use.
i purchased these for my daughter to use when drying her face after washing. they make great facial clothes, because they are so soft.
very cheaply made.
this only fits siliskin brand cup. no one has cups that are what they call &#34;standard&#34; that would be a 2&#34; diameter cup. i didn't even bother returning it. it's just a random toy getting kicked around. it's a great idea if it had some more stretch to it and actually fit several sizes of glasses.
this book is a joke. my 10 month old loves the lamaze books but when i received this the book smelled of mold. i have since washed it and still smells. i thumbed through the book only to see major errors. the word, &#34;kitty&#34; written upside down. the word, &#34;puppy&#34; was written on the outside of the flap when it was supposed to be inside (ya know, so it can be a &#34;peekaboo&#34; book). completely dissatisfied with this purchase. do not buy.
i boiled these to sterilize them after they arrived and the water had a thick oily slime after boiling. i am not sure why, but it makes me concerned about the manufacturing process and safety of the product.
this basket does what it says, but if you use wide neck bottles and nipples, then this product is useless. i use both wide neck and normal and can only put my normal bottles in the dish washer. i wish i had known before purchasing. it has held up well in the dishwasher and am happy at the durability.
i loved this walker at first and then 2 months down the line the back wheels stopped rotating.  apparently if you have animals of any sort or high pile carpet the hair gets in the rivets and there is no way to get it out.  we tried everything from tweezers to needle nose pliers but the hair was so far in there we couldn't reach it.  i called the joovy company and he suggested similar things to remove the hair and when i told him i had already tried those things he simply said &#34;sorry, i am all out of ideas...good luck&#34;.  i will not buy joovy again.  the cost was high to begin with but i was always a firm believer of  &#34;you get what you pay for&#34;.  not this time!  don't do it.
crap broke
we initially liked this product a lot.  great for price point.  however, it started acting up within 6 months.  would beep with &#34;out of range warning&#34; constantly, despite being in the very next room.  we contacted levana and they had horrible customer service!  they gave us no option to fix or replace without just purchasing a whole new monitor.  needless to say, we won't be buying a monitor from them again.
Great product!
Im bummed to see so many negative reviews for this product. This is the easiest way to take my son's temperature. Its accurate against the other thermometers we use as well. I dont use the medicine pacifier because hes always been good about taking his medicine from the dispenser from his doctor. But seriously, so much hate for a 5 star product.
daughter loved them!
it does what it claims to do but ours has a big dent. not sure if it came that way but it gets worse when we pull out the bags (it creates a suction when the bag is full). metal container is very thin, so thin that we push the dents back out.
i bought this pillow for my 5 month old to prevent nighttime stuffies. well, you can probably guess that it's way too large. my fault, though. i look forward to him using it in a few months!
it's ok
i ordered the system and a replacement.  the system had been withdrawn by the manufacturer, so that was not sent.  now i have a replacement for a system that i couldn't possibly use.
the universal mounts didn't work with my posts, but zip ties and duct tape solved any mounting issues. it works great,
good camera for day time use ( don't know if more expensive camera would work better?)black and white  night time picture is not good, camera is monitoring my driveway , but sound is good
love the bright colors but this mat doesn't hold up well at all.  if you have pets, expect lots of tears in your mat...my dog walks on it and it causes holes.  i've had it for 5 months or so and i can only use it one one side, if i flip it over the corners curl up because it does not lay flat.  spend the extra money and get a better one!
i am new to cloth diapering. i read the reviews and decided to give these a try. they are definitely better than the microfiber ones that i started out with. after ten washes they seem to be quite absorbent. i like the gray color because they don't show stains.<br /><br />cons: they are a bit bulky for my 12 lb 2 month old but i figure as she grows they will fit more appropriately. after about the 4th or 5th wash the sewing on the the inside started pulling out on 4 of my diapers. i sewed it back up with no problems but someone without a sewing machine may have a harder time. i read some reviews that these don't smell and babies don't get rashes with them and i disagree. my baby is bf only and i put them in the bag dry then soak them a little before i wash them on hot and dry them on low and they still have an odd smell to them. even after i hang them outside. i don't like it and i don't know what i am doing wrong. so if someone could please enlighten me, i would be deeply grateful.<br /><br />bottom line: good for the price, but i would probably have tried something different had i known about these things.
my child has used this for two days and it is already coming apart at the bottom. not so great for an item that is supposed to be chewed on! complete waste of money!
doesn't stick! don't waste your money or time. i've requested a full refund.
This is a really wonderful product, and has given me peace of mind on a number of occasions.  The only reason I'm not giving this 5 stars, is because your baby needs to be consistently sucking on the product to give an accurate read.  Of course if your baby isn't great at taking a &#34;binky&#34; then this probably isn't the product for you.
they're tricky to get on, using a credit card helps. they're great once they're on, they don't look tacky, they don't block the view and the windows roll down. i also like that they're safe in an accident, unlike the suction cup ones, which could become projectile upon impact and hit your child.
very disappointed. it's velcro. why is it velcro?!  a crib has bars, velcro doesn't hold and it looks funny.  needs ties instead of velcro.
don't buy!! read other reviews on other listings about this product. cute pattern but stroller is almost impossible to close! it's advertised as a &#34;one hand fold&#34; stroller but that is deceptive. lots of other reviews are posted about the stroller being hard to close - i only saw those after receiving my stroller and having such a hard time closing it. it took me and my mom over an hour, both sets of hands, our body weight and a wall as leverage, to even be able to get it to close. and then, still, it wouldn't lock. by the time we finally got it closed, my mom was bleeding and i just wanted the damn thing out of my sight. horrible product!!
good
the rattle barely makes any noise.  it does have a semi-soft surround which is good for babies that are teething.  my daughter could care less about this rattle.
nice gate that we use at the top and bottom of our stairs. my husband installed these gates in about an hour or so. we did have some issues with attaching them into our walls. the way these work is you wrap and attach them to the banister and do not have to drill or damage your wood banisters. but they do need to be attached to the wall and drilled into the wall...after using for a few times the screws came out leaving huge holes in our walls. my husband had to get larger anchors and re drill the holes. if you don't have studs in the area you are going to install the gate you might run into the same problem. we use the gates all the time so opening and closing all day can weaken the attachment to the wall if your not drilled into a stud.<br />the gates are really nice and stay locked easily keeping our one year old safe. our four year old can open and close them easy enough which can be a good or bad thing.
not perfect but works well enough.  gotta make sure you got the right size it does flop off if your not careful.
i like this bowl but it didn't stop my little one from pulling it off the table.
bought these for my kids' lunches. they are okay for the price, but only lasted about 2 wks before the individual pockets of water started leaking. now both have a few empty cells per cold mat. still functional, but definitely won't last more than a few months.
cute design. sadly it is very difficult to put-up and teardown. i also have the graco version, and i prefer it.
these things seem like a great idea in theory, but they're pretty useless.  if your child is very prim and proper and will only eat off of a spoon, then they might be good.  my daughter, on the other hand, has no issue with just eating food directly from the pouches (like all of the other kids i know).  it's actually much cleaner and easier for her to just eat directly from the pouch, and then throw out the pouch instead of having to wash these spoons.  the food gets all stuck inside them unless you rinse them immediately, which defeats the purpose of a handy spoon on the go.  it's easier to just bring a regular spoon and a ziploc bag if a spoon is necessary.  i wish i hasn't purchased these.
we have bough three types of these cabinet locks.  these simply work the best, are the easiest to install.  you can &#34;overbend them&#34;, if you &#34;groove&#34; your cabinet from wear, and they seem to stay working for another couple weeks.  i'm keeping a few extra on hand, to replace the older ones you get from home depot/lowes, that are just more cheaply made.  these are larger, and stronger, and the adhesive just works.  seems to come off easily as well, with a hairdryer.
i bought this because it said that it was for aggressive chewers.  my son chewed through it within 3 weeks.  it was not made any tougher than any other chewie that is being sold.  i will not be buying it again
they should not call it a rocker as it barely, i mean barely rocks.  there are better things out there on the market than this.  rock n play, pack n play, snug a something bouncer.<br />take it from me, as its just sitting idle in my home.  don't bother.
i washed this pillowcase once and it came apart at the seams. waay overpriced for the quality.
these weren't very durable. had trouble sticking them to the wall in my classroom.
Wonderful idea.  I highly recommend this for parents who have a hard time giving their babies meds. When my son was sick, i gave him the meds VEERRRYYY slowly, and it worked.
worked as described.  very good product.
suction cups sometimes slide and are hard to keep in place. but works well compared to other kinds for a car's back seat.
came broken in the package and couldn't return it since it contained flammable liquids.
we experienced the same problem as many other reviewers --- the tail flops over. huge disappointment. we took the toys off and use them along with our baby einstein caterpillar play mat.
it would be a great product if it weren't so awful to open and clean. cleans well, baby likes.
this necklace looks like a piece of jewelry! it has a really nice color to it, and can be worn by either a boy or a girl. i really like that it‚Äôs all-natural, with no dyes or pharmaceuticals added ‚Ä?kids could chew for hours and not ingest anything unsafe. the material and construction feels very high quality ‚Ä?when you pull at the string, you'll feel that ths necklace won‚Äôt break, no matter how hard an overly eager baby may pull at it! this also means that the necklace presents less of a safety concern, since it seems impossible for the beads to be pulled apart and swallowed by accident. the beads themselves are genuine amber, and also feel very durable, and will withstand really strong, forceful bites. teething children will have a great time, and parents will feel confident that their children will be using a safe product. overall, this is a great alternative to other teething products out there. not only is this necklace all-natural, but it also has immune system-boosting properties and actually helps children feel better through the teething process. great product!
The nipple in the pacifier is hard! Not soft like a normal pacifier or even a bottle.  Tried it once and daughter hated it. Giving 2 stars for the concept
we have the older version of this one and it's a much better version. i ordered this one end of june and the wood split and it's no longer useable. the bad thing about this one is it's so easy to undo my 2 year old son could reach over the gate and undo the latch.
my son loves this toy. it is large so it is easy for him to grab.
wouldn't stay locked after awhile.
i liked the same product in the smaller size for our baby.  this larger size fit our daughter's length well, but we could never wrap the arms tight enough to keep her from working her way out.  i ended up cutting a slit in the bottom of the small sized wraps we had instead.  this worked until she was able to turn over after which it is no longer safe to use.
cute and funny<br />my son loves it!!
the colors on the picture don't represent what i got.  the quilt was actually peach, pink, and chocolate brown.  the package was sent with two valances, but the patterns weren't the same on valances.  we also didn't need the crib bumpers, which were part of the package.  the quilt didn't have a flat finish as there were strings hanging off of the quilt where the different parts were stitched together.  the quality of the product didn't correspond with the amount of money that i paid for it.  i ended up sending the set back and ordered something else.
i should have read the comments before i ordered.<br /> i had the same result as they did. not a user friendly item.<br />i also have used many stick on items from small to large. by far this one was the hardest to try nad use.<br /> it also ended up in the trash can. and yes the picture is not the size you get but the dimensions are on the product description.
not wide neck spouts. standard as the picture shows; wrong product description/title.
could be designed better. does the job, but keeps falling off.
my son is 8 months old and while i haven't noticed a difference in his teething complaints, he doesn't seem to drool quite as much as he did before wearing the necklace. if i forget to put it on when he wakes up, the collar of his shirt is wet within 2 hours. so far, he's been wearing it for a month and hasn't tried to pull it off or play with it.
my daughter doesn't like this chair.  she has trouble sitting on it and standing up.  she cries when we've tried to get her to sit on it.  she is showing all of the signs of being ready to potty train, but this potty is not making her happy or making her excited to try.  we are going to have to buy another potty elsewhere.
expected the switch to be close to the light, but it's one of the older style turn switches on the cable going to the wall. inconvenient but nice lamp shade.
these straps won't work on your t.v. unless you have the original stand. our stand disappeared when we had out t.v. mounted to the wall. when we moved and decided to put t.v. on a table we bought a universal t.v. stand which uses the holes on back of t.v. for attachment. now there aren't enough holes to screw in the safety straps. wish i'd realized that before i ordered. now i'll have to return. even if that hadn't been the problem,we still would have run into issues because the spot we want the t.v. table in our living room unfortunately doesn't have any studs in the wall behind it. it's pointless to attach the straps to the wall for security unless you screw them into studs. with the weight of our 47 in. flat screen it would rip out of the wall easily. otherwise, i'm sure these straps would have been a great idea so i gave them 3 stars. just be sure to check out your t.v. situation prior to ordering.
easy to use but still leaks at times
[good]<br /><br />n/a<br /><br />[bad]<br /><br />if you use baby formula, it's very difficult to put in formula inside the bottle since the mouth is so small. inevitably unless you use some sort of funnel, your formula will spill. my guess is that the mouth is a certain size for safety reason (i.e. so the glass is less prone to break).<br /><br />plastic: i wonder if the people at dr. brown wondered why people buy glass bottles instead of plastic ones? people do it because they want to avoid bpa, bps, and whatever other chemicals that can leech from plastic, especially when it's heated... so why does this bottle need a major plastic piece in the middle? it defeats the entire purpose of going glass.<br /><br />unlike other glass bottle designs, there's no silicon wrap that makes the bottle less slippery, makes it softer, and that cushions it from falls.<br /><br />glass is heavier than plastic.<br /><br />glass is more prone to breakage than plastic.<br /><br />[verdict]<br /><br />get another glass bottle from another company.
this was way too small for me and i'm not that tall. i returned it.
buti bags are so-so, but customer service deserved 4 stars.  seller sent me replacements bags even without my requesting them.  will see how long these new version buti bags last.<br /><br />my prior sept 7, 2014 review:<br /><br />zipper easily broke and can't be fixed.  ours has the metal zipper version.  useless -- you are better off saving your money and just using a ziploc bag.
None available.
cute!
cute and cuddly but much smaller than expected
these are great but maybe only for a short time.  my little one transitioned quickly from the bottle to a regular cup.  we think it was largely thanks to these.  we bought one, and it worked so well giving baby something to hold and work like a cup without making a mess, we ordered 2 more to always have a clean one.  after only a couple weeks, baby had it down so well, the valve on these slowed the flow to where it was a hindrance.  never got much use out of having 3.  definitely buy these to help transition to cups, but you only need one or two to get there.
here's something i should have bought the day my son was born.  these are great and protect your seat backs from scuffs, mud, salt, snow etc.  there are even a few pouches on the top for him to store stuff in.  fit great on a toyota fj and benz glk350.
got two of these.  one for my husbands car, and one for mine. in my husbands car (subaru outback) it works great. he can roll the window up and down without any issues. in my corolla however, from day one it wasn't the same experience. the thin metal hook was just big enough that if i closed the rear window all the way, when i wanted to roll it down the hook got stuck at the top and stayed and the window rolled down without it. i got around this for the summer by closing the window most of the way, but not fully, and if i forgot, i could always adjust once we stopped somewhere. so i was making it work. two weeks ago however, after rolling my window down a couple inches, the window shade started sagging. it no longer will roll up. so we are bummed. and since i didn't immediately go back to my amazon order, we are now just past the return window so i'm stuck with it and left the sun in my toddlers eyes or having to listen to her tell me over and over that the window is broken. :(<br /><br />overall summary:<br />good sun blocking ability without ruining visibility which is a big plus. doesn't fall off window. however, seems to be some long term issues with the spring, and depending on your car style, may or may not work to roll up and down your window. compared to some of the other options, i still think this is a fairly good one, but the longevity is a big detriment.
i like the way it looks, but it stopped working almost immediately  new batteries did not help at all.
i put this diaper on my son, and it was a snug fit.  looked good, though i was surprised by how thin it is.  two minutes later there was a puddle on the floor and a  stream down his leg.  it didn't absorb anything.
fits poorly on a chair, collapses often.
not a great buy. i don't think there is any difference between the original and deluxe. it does not provide more support. the squicky things are fun but useless as they are position too high for beeing touch by babys feet. i had to return it. it was pretty hard to put baby in and take him out.... my son is almost 5 months and didn't have fun at all. he loves the bumper jumper though....
so sad...no penguins! what do i need 2 elephant cutters for?disapointing...
this is a great set that can grow with baby and get them to learn dental habits. would have received more stars if handles were softer. the handles of all three brushes are hard plastic, and i don't feel comfortable letting my nine month handle on his own, out of fear he will chew on the hard end and not the soft end. but the heads of each brush are ideal for new teeth. i received this product free of charge to try out. my son doesn't mind the action and likes to chew on the first brush at this time.
i was really disappointed in this item. i thought it was going to keep track not just the last time i changed my son or the last time he took a nap, but i thought it would keep how many times a day i did this. i would suggest if you have a smart phone, just get an app - which some are free - because you'll most likely have that on hand more than you have this.
It fell apart within a couple of times of using it.
Awesome! Works great!
this are not like mothers nipple they say they are but look close ....shipped fast and all but not what i wanted
my baby has started using these tethers like nunchucks.  its a bit too scary and ive had to take them away from her.
oh, i fell in love with the bag when it arrived! perfect for my needs. my husband is severely handicapped and this is perfectfor my needs, and discrete, yet classic looking! however, after 5 days of use the zipper pull on the clutch broke off. it's made with plastic! it's the piece that holds the pull to the zipper drive. tiny piece made to look like metal and it's plastic. so after less than a week i'm disappointed considering the cost! i plan to replace the bag this week. i hope the other zippers aren't made the same way on the rest of the bag.
did nothing to help my 4 yr old to potty train. he could not tell a difference. wouldn't spent the money. just use thin diapers or train naked.
Lovely...
below is my original review. since then i have had time to experience the pains of this monitor even more. always loses signal. battery runs out almost immediately. great when it works, but thats only about 10% of the time.     \\just ok\\.... got a good price on this monitor otherwise would have been even more disappointed. good features in theory, but terrible signal reception so never get to use the features. we get the lost signal message when just in the next room.
low cost, low quality, makes due but it can be difficult to put in place
i sent this combo to my grand daughter for her new born twin girls. she was most delighted. it arrived on time and in perfect shape. her husband was  able to put it together very easily. as the girls out grow the(all together)  2 in one bed, i will send them another one when they move into their new home.  thank you so much as it was the perfect gift
these work very well but the waist goes up to my daughters belly button and she gets embarrassed that it shows you can kind of roll it to tuck in pants but it makes it bulky which it already is but hey it works
kind of ok. but not so great
it didnt cover my pack and play
i bought this monitor for the range of 300 mts. it claims to have. however, when tested by placing the camera in baby's room and monitor in my room, the signal was lost ... and they are contiguous rooms!<br />my apartment has less than 150 m2 so the monitor should work throughout the house, however it only works in the nursery nearby places.<br />we are disappointed with the purchase, because we made the effort to bring it to peru with the illusion of having a good monitor for our baby.
when i got this in the mail i was shocked to see how small the beads were.  however, i have pulled on it to try to get the beads off as i was concerned about a choking hazard, and it does hold up.  i haven't been able to break it yet!  i also like the clasp-it's almost \\hidden\\ as it is covered by a bead.  it's a great feature for jewelry.  that said, the instructions do advise against allowing infants to chew or mouth the bracelet.  that said, i won't be using this as a teether, but as a bracelet for my niece.  the colors are perfect for fall, and i know she'll love it.
this didn't perform as we had expected it to.  it's much too large to be a practical breastfeeding screen.  the color pattern is also a bit too busy and tacky.  what a shame, as we couldn't use it at all.
babies can hit their heads on the door frames and injure themselves.
works just like the more expensive products. love it
i think i hate these. i have some osocozy unbleached cotton prefolds that i absolutely love, but these just aren't working out for me. they don't seem all that absorbent so far. i prepped them by washing and drying 3 times like the instructions said, and i have washed and dried a couple of additional times, but they still haven't fluffed up like the other ones i have.
not heavy duty at all! and you have to turn it to get it to play and it would wake my son up everytime so i got a new one where you just push a button.
i wasn't sure what to expect when i ordered this amber necklace, but it had great reviews and i thought i might as well give it a try.  i would much rather give my little girl some beautiful to wear than to pump her full of pain medication.  my daughter had been suffering terrible teething pains and all i know is she is doing a million times better now.  she adores the necklace.  i had her in my lap when i opened the package and right away she was drawn to it.  this does mean that the directions need to be followed and i absolutely never leave her alone with the necklace.  however, her whole demeanor has changed.  no more long crying jags.  i put the necklace on her and we sit with a small hand held mirror i have and i tease her, &#34;is that your necklace?  is that your necklace?&#34; and she just laughs and laughs.  so whether it's the amber, or the entertainment, i simply don't care.  i'm just so pleased to have a happy little girl again.
does not help one bit
it's not quite the right shape, but it does the job. bought it for another double stroller, not a britax. easy to open, easy to fold. even fits back into the mesh bag.
i received this night light as a gift and i actually received two of them. both of them were packaged fine, but the paint was chipped off of them in several spots and they looked dingy. i'll be returning them. the picture looks a lot cuter than it actually is in person.
it is cheaply made and will be out of use the seconday day you put on your child's hand. my two year old could easily remove it from his hand.
this is illegal to use in the usa.  it has not been tested by nhtsa.  http://carseatblog.com/18106/yiren-trouble-a-review-of-an-illegal-chinese-car-seat/    borrowing from another reviewer (lizmari):  it is not legal or safe to use this car seat in a moving vehicle in the united states. federal motor vehicle safety standard no. 213 governs performance/safety standards for child car seats.    as part of fmvss 213, manufacturers are required to have permanent, visible labels on the restraint with the following information: certification that it conforms to standards for use in motor vehicles, basic instructions for correct installation, child weight limits (including maximum weight for use of lower latch attachments), name and address of manufacturer/distributor, and date made. none of these labels is visible in the required locations on this car seat.    fmvss 213 also requires child restraints to have latch attachments, which are certainly not integrated into this seat.    fmvss 213 also includes crash test standards that are required of all child car seats sold in the united states - these are required to insure that your child is as safe as possible in a motor vehicle accident.    a nice, easy-to-read summary of fmvss 213 can be found at carseat.org/legal/91_213sum.pdf    a full review of a seat similar to this can be found at:carseatblog.com/18106/yiren-trouble-a-review-of-an-illegal-chinese-car-seat/    the bottom line is that using this in a moving vehicle puts your child at serious risk for injury and even death in the event of an accident. if you are looking for recommendations for a car seat for your little one, you should get in touch with a local certified child passenger safety technician; you can locate a cpst in your area through the safe kids website at cert.safekids.org.
these bags are so incredibly helpful! especially for working moms like me, to freeze bags ahead of time before going back to work.
the projector stopped working after less than 4 months!!!  very disappointing!  now my 2 year old cries at night for the pictures of the fish to work but it's broken.  more of a headache than it was worth.  however, amazon just allowed me to return this item so kudos to amazon's customer service team.
sofie is one of the best teethers ever! my grandson loves it! it's a great gift for a baby shower or just a gift for what ever. this is the 4th one that i have bought and will continue buying them! they are a hit for teething babies!!
sheet ripped the first time it was used. not even at the seam.
easy enough to assemble and reasonably good materials but just not very useful. found it easier to push with feet on the floor and grippy sandpaper pieces felt weird on feet even when wearing socks. ended up giving it away within a month of purchase.
this product was not helpful. my daughter did not find it cute or entertaining whatsoever and thrashed away from it the same as she would a normal medicine syringe or dropper. furthermore, you need to tilt ava's trunk almost to vertical to get the liquid to come out since most of it pools in the bulb on the dropper. it took three attempts to get the baby tylenol out of the dropper and there was still quite a bit left over. while my baby hates seeing the liquid syringe that comes with the medicine, i can at least give it to her in one go and cause her less discomfort.
did not stick to the wall......even tried to order more thinking maybe the next ones would be better, but no, doesn't stick to the wall ....
very very bad
These pacifiers are awesome. Kids love them.
i love these bottles! but never sterilize in a sterilizer that you don't know is safe or not safe for the bottles. mine warped. üòï
it arrived cracked :( the overall size seems slightly small and more appropriate for baby bums as opposed to toddler bums.
too small
i don't normally leave one star reviews, but wow, so completely horrible.<br /><br />do not buy if you have any small boys in your home who might use this toilet. the adult ring does not stay up when you stand at the toilet to go pee.<br /><br />for my husband, this is annoying but not unsurmountable. he holds the seat up while he does his business and then let's it drop.<br /><br />for my 4 year old, completely disgusting. his arms aren't long enough to hold the seat up without leaning against the rim, plus he's 4. do you know a 4 year old with great potty tidiness?<br /><br />i had hoped that this could be a solution to potty training my daughter that would work in a small bathroom with limited space, but it is an expensive piece of trash.
it's really hard to find decent mini-crib bedding so my husband i took advantage of this find. we weren't expecting the best quality but when we opened the package, we realized that the sheet set may shrink after washing and not fit our 2&#34; mini-crib mattress. and of course, our suspicions were absolutely correct when they came out of the wash. we still use the mattress pad and the changing table pad. the sheet we use as well as a receiving blanket or when laying our little one down the bed or sofa, but since we don't use the pieces for the purpose it was intended, i have to rate this purchase down.
my douther hate that...
liked it at first but it broke after a month of having it
great
i loved this pattern but instead i got blue elephants.
i love it!
for the money and the handle design its not bad. i got this for my new grand daughter and it seems to suit her just fine
these were my first experience with all-in-one cloth diapering.<br /><br />pros:<br />- easy to use, simply snap on and go<br />- pocket for extra padding is easy to use and works well for overnight<br />- not super-bulky, fit good under onesies<br /><br />cons:<br />- the terry layer caused a painful rub rash on my baby's skin<br />- the absorbent material extends to the edges so heavy wets can seep out, even with extra stuffing<br />- poo doesn't always wash out of the seams, and they seem to stain easily<br /><br />the price is good but i'll be trying a different brand of all-in-one when i order again.
horrible design.  very rigid and hard to collapse.  don't understand why they can't make a better product.  the concept is good however the type of hinges they use on the gates are hard to manipulate.
i have a pink make my day bib that i loooove!! when i received this one for my daughter i noticed that it did not have the make my day emblem on the front as shown in the image and it was not the same quality as the one i had bought prior. it is made of a much cheaper product and am unsatisfied. was the one that i was sent really from make my day???? their name is not shown anywhere on the bib.....
my experience is pretty much identical to slpscientist's.<br /><br />this pillow started out amazing and i was completely thrilled.  it was comfy and you could adjust the fluff and it held you nicely (and softly) in place while sleeping.  within a couple of months, it got pretty lumpy and was really thin/thick in places.  i tried washing it and tried the shake it from one end methods and neither of those seemed to do anything to improve things.  it still worked really well, just wasn't as ideal anymore.  i could still manually adjust the fluff by pushing it around and that worked ok.<br /><br />however, it's just gotten worse and worse.  at this point, it's super flat in some places (like my head, no longer provides any pillow-y-ness there) and uncomfortably thick other places (at my feet and arms).  i can still manually adjust the fluff, but it doesn't seem to stay in place for any amount of time, so doesn't do much good.  the whole pillow seems stretched out somehow so it kind of flops all over rather than snuggling close to me.<br /><br />my other issue is with the cover.  within days it started pilling pretty bad in certain spots, within a couple months the entire case was covered in pills.  this doesn't affect function, but doesn't look or feel very nice.<br /><br />all that said, this pillow started out so wonderful that i feel there still has to be hope.  i still think this pillow is better than lots of the others out there and is a great size.  we have a queen bed and my husband is rather on the large side and we have no problems fitting completely comfortably. (we did travel with it and were in a full size bed and that didn't fit so well).  if it weren't for the rather expensive cost of this pillow, i may have even given it 4 stars despite the issues.  it just seems that a pillow so costly should hold up for longer.
it's small for my car window, but ok. still lots if sun comes through. i live in texes so it's very hot n sunny. for its price this is ok.
Before purchasing, I read other reviews. I have now used both products on my 3 month old daughter. The thermometer works great, and is very easy to use. I confirmed the temperature reading with two other thermometers (both used under the arm), and had the same reading on all three. The medicine dispenser works as other reviewers say - the hole opening for the liquid is bigger and is a straight hole from the liquid to the pacifier's end. The pacifier is hard plastic, not soft like a typical pacifier. Your child won't be able to gently suck the medicine out - it will drain out into his mouth. This wasn't a problem (choking or otherwise) for my 3M daughter as she doesn't choke easily and usually nurses quickly.
i bought this pillow cover for my snoogle pillow b/c i read reviews about it being scratchy. it was the truth and adding this case on top did not help either b/c it was just as scratchy as the pillow itself.
great
these stickers really work. very strong smell out of packaging but that's what the stickers are for. used this sticker on 3 separate occasion on my son and myself and have not had any mosquito bites. (actually had a mosquito land on my hand after i had the sticker on for at least 20 mins and it just flew off! haha). best aspect is that you can reuse them as they are provided in a form of ziplock baggie, once finished you can put them back onto the sticker board and place them back into the bag for reuse.
i ordered the gofreshbaby reusable food pouch, 6 pack and there are only 3 pouches in the pack.  if it says 6 pack, it would mean 6 pouches? the packaging is very misleading, so be warned there are only 3 pouches in one pack.
does not fit my crib. will only fit cribs with a straight ledge. mine curves and is thicker. underneath the canopy is stained an orange yellowish color. not worth the money at all. trying to find return instructions is the hardest thing i have had to do on here in a while.
terrible. constantly shows out of range.
seems bit expensive for just rails without some type of additional support at center. one of the rail was cracked or bit broken saw that after assembling bed will contact amazon but not sure it's worth replacing considering all the hassle.
i am very disappointed!  after only wearing it for 4 hours (most of which it just dangled down in front of him) the back of the head split open where the string goes through.  it is a terrible design.  the body of the turtle is much thicker and would be a better place for the string to go through.  or they should just manufacture it with a thicker head.  i took it away to keep the string from ripping all of the way through, though there is probably no fix.  shirts are cheeper and don't get ruined in 4 hours!!!  what a waste of money!!!
the fisher price version is much more interesting to my 11 month old. he never really warmed up to this one, always went back for the fp version. of course loves the real deal so i bought a $5 real remote on amazon that is all his.
great gate, but i wish there was a way to attach it to the wall without screwing it in.  i've got mine in a doorway with wood frames and i hate the idea of screwing into the wood.  i feel like it would be very easy to make rubber feet that can be attached to the wall with pressure screws instead.
love it!
we clean everything on batteries compartment, but it doesn't work.<br /><br />not recommended!!
we mounted on a double jogging stroller. it was well made and sturdy but could not fold to fit in our gmc acadia with the 3rd row.  this would work fine in a bigger suv like a suburban.
the motor that spins the projector images failed to work immediately out of the box.  i didn't realize that the pictures were dynamic until watching a review.  this pisses me off!
works great!  baby slept perfect. !
i just purchased this item for my 9mth old granddaughter. before i purchased it i read all the reviews, &#34;five stars&#34;. someone wrote that it's light weight  and easy to handle , but the car seat was  a little heavy.that's not so,  i am an adult male, my daughter is a small ,petite young lady, and i found this stroller to be extremely heavy, and a bit awkward, and wonder if she could handle it. while it the stroller, folds easy, unfolding it is crazy awkward, because the release latch is position strangely you can end-up getting the stroller all dirty trying to unfold it. and to say i guess that's no big deal if you're not going to be continually folding and unfolding, which she will be. the harness in the car seat is tight and not adjustable, the canopy closes with a one inch opening gap.  that's why i give this three stars. it seems to be well built strong/durable.  i would have returned it but she wanted to keep it. this is last years model, there's a newer version available for 2014 the s910800 which has adjustable harness / buckle position. don't know it it's just as heavy but i recommend getting the newer version.
worked well for awhile.  she stopped getting tricked that she was taking medicine and wouldn't drink from the paci around 6 months.  before that this thing was awesome.
nice material and colors. it conveniently has its own ink pad. however, it doesn't have a back hook to hang on a wall.
this crib is very nice-- assembly was actually pretty easy (as long as you have someone to help you out) and instructions were very clear.<br /><br />it looks very true to picture, maybe a little bit darker in color (somewhere between cherry and espresso, maybe?). we have not put our baby girl in it yet but the size and color of it, as well as the super fast delivery were all fantastic. we also got it on sale so price was amazing!! a convertible full sized fixed side crib for the price we got?! great deal! would recommend for everyone
did not stay on skin more than a few hours.  i preferred the id bracelets.
this thing is super simple but it made traveling with a car seat so much easier. it fit on our bag perfectly and only took about 30 second to get attached and detached. i wouldn't do air travel with a car seat with these!
horrible!! my son barely squeezes the bottle and it spewed everywhere!  leaks the whole time!
too hard to even squeeze to use
it gets the job done, but after only a month or so of regular use it is leaking. i would spend a little extra to find something better, but i have not been able to find one that is any higher quality.
it does not work. i am returing it,
way too small but extremely soft :(
very cute and the perfect size but it is starting to show scuff marks on the design already and the owl feels almost like an iron on decal
good
i bought this high chair to use for my grandson and there are many things i really like about it. the pros are the tray liner, the ease of getting him in and out of the chair and he seems very comfortable in it. the cons are it is a pain to clean the chair itself. food gets trapped under the seat pad, which needs to be lifted and cleaned under after every use. i have resorted to taking it out to the deck and thoroughly hosing it down to get the seat and straps clean about once a week.
after 4 months of use the music and vibration started freezing until it entirely stopped. this was not used on a daily basis. baby enjoyed it while it lasted
These were really small. 0-3 months. We couldn't find them any longer in the store (I guess they changed them) and well these were not exactly what we were looking for. My 22 month old does take these when he's awake though and the bigger ones when he sleeps so it worked out, but if you are looking for the old style of these you will be disappointed.
this static cling was hard to position. was also nearly impossible to apply evenly and looked absolutely horrible from the outside. static clings work great in permanent installations but are not the best choice of attachment in this application.
the kick mats work perfectly and exactly as described. i do with they fit the curvature of our seats a little better (large seats in grand cherokee) but i was able to get them installed and they definitely protect the seat backs.
design (handles, spout)? good.  colors? good.  size?  good.  durability??  well...i'm going to go with a whopping pathetic on that one, since the cup shattered on its very first use after my toddler casually knocked it off her highchair onto the floor.  shortest lived cup in the history of sippy cups, and that's really saying something.  note to self: look for &#34;shatter-proof&#34; on description for any further purchases.
going to be honest... its fucking cheaply made! i really wish i could show a picture of how it looks once its put together... the pieces are not welded right which makes the whole damn thing twisted and uneven.... don't buy if you want your child to live.
bought for my grandson who was teething.  did not work like it said it would.
The only pacifier my baby will accept.
perfect!!
As advertised. Well packaged and product was in great shape. My kid loves these pacifiers.
when we installed these to our table with the double sided tape that was provided, my 9 month old daughter had them all torn off in a matter of minutes
arrived promptly and was very cute.
fits the pail perfectly. however, i use it by itself and i notice the outside gets moist when it is full of dirty cloth diapers. i have to keep it on a towel so it doesn't get on my carpet.
i did a lot of research looking for an &#34;on the go&#34; changing kit with a matching bag. i was so happy to finally found one and in a color that i actually loved. but when i receive it imediatly notice that they are not the same color. the wet and dry bag is vibrant and nice like the pictures. if they didn't look different, maybe i'd not pay attention but it seems to me that one is skip hop and the other is fake. i'm extremely disappointed.
beautiful bright colors !  very cushiony for comfort on babies knees.  there isn't any odor like most<br />vinyls.
i bought this seat because after many car seat safety reviews, it seemed the best choice and was larger than most, which was a plus for my 97th percentile baby boy. however i had to return it because it was nearly impossible to install in the rear-facing direction. i had a police officer inspect it after i installed it, and neither he nor i could get the belt to tighten it into place ( using the latch system). the final straw was the difficulty in tightening and loosening the straps across my son. i got the chicco nextfit. worth the extra money for ease of use and safety.
not worth it for the price
good quality fabric. the graphic printed on the outfit is good, just like in the image shown. the sleeves and legs are too short though, about an inch too short. the shipping took really long.
i actually bought a different pattern. not sure why it is now dinosaurs but i bought one with pink and brown and green dots and birds and flowers. super cheaply made. i gave it 2 stars because it survived my daughter's crib time (she's now almost four) but it was literally trash afterward and looked awful even after the first wash.
i've owned 2 of these. i used them with my first child. the foam seat is painted foam. it absorbs water from cleaning/rinsing and urine. the seats became molded and discolored. after research and phone calls to the company, i learned that they doesn't offer replacement foam seats.<br /> i like a cushion seat, so i purchased a step by step summer potty. the seat is vinyl covered foam, easy to clean, doesn't smell or absorb fluids.
bought four of these shades only one is working and it is because i haven't tried to put it up or down, the other three came down and wouldn't go back up, i worked with them along time and can't get them to rewound so i took them off the windows.
great thanks
these cup are great for small children
it's not what the reviews said...i'm not sure how it's rated #1, the bristles have already started laying down and i've only had it for 3 days.
i really loved these sheets. the designs are super cute, the price is right, and it's good quality. but that was when my son used to sleep on his back in his magic merlin suit. see, he has eczema on his face and started sleeping on his tummy in his sleep sack and was drooling big time. the muslin fabric is way too scratchy so he would drool on the sheets, then rub his cheeks against the muslin and wake up all red-faced and scratched up. i have since switched to kate quinn's organic sheets which are super expensive but so worth it. i highly recommend her crib sheets if you're in the market for something just as cute, durable and soft. since switching, my son's face looks a million times better after he has slept with his cheeks pressed into his drool-stained sheets :)
received tho item in a timely manner, however am very disappointed. for $15, this chart is only a piece of thin, flimsy poster board with printing. it does include 2 sheets of stickers!  on top of this, the chart is not even appealing or cute as it has a big crease down the center where it was folded. i am sure i will not use this chart and would like to suggest that others not waste their money on this.
according to the specifications online it was exactly what i needed. but when i recieved it it was too small for my sons crib
this chair is cheaply made. the back on ours broke. i removed fabric to see if i could fix the interior framing and found that the framing was two 3/4 inch plywood strips that were sure to break and they did. the cushions and arm paddings flattened out very soon after a year of medium usage. i expected a much higher quality of product for the price i paid.
these are not the gerber first essentials pacifiers. they are slightly smaller and have a different package. better suited for less up to 2 months of age
i love this product! it works great! my three year old son used to cry every time i washed his hair during bath time because he hates water going in his face/eyes. this has been such a lifesaver! no more tears during bath time! he loves it and so do i!
positives:<br /><br />1.  stylish (at least for us, matches the colors of our decor)<br />2.  easy to wipe down/clean<br />3.  easy to adjust/operate<br />4.  has wheels, so its easy to move<br />5.  feels solid (high quality materials)<br /><br />negatives:<br /><br />1.  straps, although easy to clean, are very bulky and cumbersome. the shoulder straps and waist straps are of the same piece, with no way to remove the shoulder straps as your baby gets older. our son seemed to find them uncomfortable.<br />2.  crotch bar (the blue piece that helps keep kids from slipping under the tray) is wasy to big/bulky.  our son is 21 months old, and 30 lbs. and won't be able to use this chair much longer due to limited space.  **this piece is not removable or adjustable.<br />3.  unstable when folded, even with the caster wheels locked, when folded near flat for storage the chair wants to tip over.  it must be leaned against a wall, or tucked into a corner/closet if you want to fold it up.  we just keep ours setup because we have the space.<br /><br />it it had not been for the annoying straps, and bulky crotch bar (other high chairs have a crotch strap that attaches to the waist straps (like most strollers), and would be easier to adjust, i would have given this chair 4-5 stars.  the shoulder straps were such a pain, that i ended up taking off all of the straps (since the shoulder straps are molded with the left/right waist straps, it is one piece and can not be removed unless you cut them off.) and attaching/rigging a more conventional waist strap when our son was older.  the chair has proven to be very sturdy, and easy to clean.  it has several height and sitting angle adjustments, but we have never used any other than the tallest height/most vertical sitting position.
its ok, smaller and cheaper looking than expected, i wouldn't buy it again if i had a chance to see it in real life.
i was looking for a gender neutral bag that my husband and i could both carry (something plain colored that didn't scream baby girl).  after it arrived i decided it's too manly.  my husband even said it looks like a tool bag.  i think it looks appropriate for a tactical mission of some sort.  the looks aside, its very well made and sturdy.  it is also quite heavy - when empty!  perhaps if a dad were going to be the only one carrying it, it would be fine, but it's just too utilitarian for me.  back it goes!
i got this last year around my daughter's first birthday after researching lots of other clay/plaster kits to make handprints with and i chose this one. i'm so glad i did! the best thing about this kit is that there is no mixing like with the plaster kits and all you have to do is take the clay out of the foil package and knead it really well with your hands, flatten it out with the included roller into the tray, press your child's hand/foot in, and let it harden. i love the concept of this and it makes a great gift and keepsake. there are 2 spots for clay prints so i did a hand and footprint and put a nice photo of my daughter in the center. i used gel fabric pens in several colors  to write her first and middle name on one print and her age and date on the other. the frame was very easy to hang and looks great in the living room.<br /><br />as much as i love this kit and it was so easy to use, there are a few things i was a little disappointed in. first, the package says you can use a 5x7 photo but the slot for the photo is smaller than a 5x7, so be prepared to trim your photo. also, you have to press the print very hard into the clay because the clay is stiff. luckily, if you don't get a good print the first time, you can re-roll the clay and do it again. lastly, i don't like that after you do the prints, the clay gets wrinkles all in it, so you have to wet your fingertips and try to smooth it out, but you won't be able to get them all out. you won't be able to really see them too much once it's hanging on the wall.<br /><br />despite its minor shortcomings, this is still the best kit i've used and highly recommend it!
i love to look at this toy. its by far the cutest baby toy we own. however, it has some serious design flaws if your baby does more than just look it...<br /><br />pro's:<br />super cute<br />gets babies attention<br />has lots of sensory opportunities<br /><br />con's:<br />-its super flimsy. if your baby really starts to get to kicking (which mine does) he will probably kick the fin off to the side, which eventually results in a bent up and lopsided whale. the &#34;tail&#34; is not strong enough to withstand the weight of the lopsided fin, so it gets bent out of shape, and will collapse (because the poorly designed support &#34;beam&#34; in the back will pop out).<br />-the material is too slick. i tried using the cute dolphin as a tummy time toy, but the fabric is so slick my baby kept sliding of it, or it would just slide out from underneath baby.<br /><br />at first, i didn't mind that the fin kept falling off to one side; baby still enjoyed it. but, then the whole system fell apart, and obviously, baby can not kick and giggle when the whales whole tail is off to one side and the toys are out of reach...<br /><br />its just not durable enough to take the love from little baby boys who really want to get to kickin' with the whale. we've had it for a while, so i'll prob just remove the toys and put them on something else. on a side note, my cat punctured the water pocket...which i understand is not the toys fault...but still sucks.
i purchased this product less than three months ago for my twins who were beginning to crawl and pull to stand.  the panels served their purpose initially.  however, the knobs used to tighten the joints at the top have started falling off.  even more troubling is the fact that when the knobs unexpectedly fall off the top, small sharp screws fall out of an opening from the bottom opening of the joint.  we found three screws on the floor, seriously hazardous if swallowed, before we figured out what was happening and put the whole thing out of commission.  cannot recommend.
i wanted to love this stroller but 2 weeks in and it's falling apart. the wheels are screeching already and the locking bars for the sunshade have bent, making the shade unlock able.<br /><br />overall, this stroller is awkward. the giant covering for the buckle is so strange and my kid messes with it because it's irritating since it comes up to her chest. this means that the cheapy strap covers bump up against this and make for a lot of awkward fabric sitting on my child's belly. the sunshade is pathetic, too, and only works to block the sun if it's high noon. plan your outings accordingly! it's also supposed to carry a child of up to 50lbs and with my 28lbs two-year old, it's very hard to push already. there's no way i'd get a 50lbs kid in this thing!<br /><br />needless to say, this stroller is worth what you pay for it. the only redeeming quality is the reclining seat but the downsides aren't worth it :( this stroller is getting replaced pronto!
very light weight plastic cross. the product is not bad and the design is pretty. its just not worth the price.
I followed the directions and my son still spit out his medicine.  The nipple of the pacifier was/hard and he hated sucking on it.  I had better results putting the medicine in a medicine syringe, pouring it into the nipple of a bottle and putting it in his mouth.
cute but nemo sinks
ordered the evenflo breast pump and after the third time of using it it quit working. and ordered a second one and it quit working too after the third time of using it.
i like this one better www.mamihelper.com/eng
with the exception of one tiny detail, these pops are perfect. great size, easy to hold onto for little hands, a good amount of pop for a kiddo. however, the molds fit together awkwardly. it makes them sturdy, but in order to take them apart, you have to twist up on one side and down on the other. (and you have to separate the 4 of them if you want to remove one pop, since you have to run it under hot water.) they connect by 3 little nubs- so 12 total, and i have already lost 3 of them breaking off and cracked one of the sides as well. eventually they will all probably break off and then because of the shape of these pops, i won't be able to make them anymore. if the mold was better they'd get 5 stars.
poor design getting the baby in and out was a challenge and the baby didnt like it so i was unable to even use it. i definitely wouldn't recommend it to anyone
i've only had this product for 3 days so far (hence why only 4 stars), but my son is taking to it very well. his 2 year old molars are cutting through, and before using the necklace, he wasn't eating much because everything hurt. 100% turn around and everyone compliments how &#34;cool&#34; his necklace looks on him.
i bought the lock to secure drawers in a bathroom type cabinet.  the drawers have a double faced front which makes the distance from the lock to the front surface too long for the magnet to work, even using the metal extenders inlcuded in the kit.  didn't realize this utill i opened kit and couldn't use it.  instructions did not point out this restrictions.  i would rate the product as useless and unreliable for the design of my drawers. i have used the plastic locks that come with the kit to disable the one lock i installed.
these are cute pacifiers which do work as advertised, however think twice before getting one of these for a baby that likes to constantly take his/her pacifier in and out of her mouth because once it closes you will need to open it for him/her.
i was so excited for this item. i was extremely disappointed the first time i used it. and then the second and third time. it had small gaps around my nipple no matter which way i applied them. this lead to milk pooling, leaking and then making a big mess. it may have been my physical makeup but these didn't work for me no matter what i did.
this is the second set of these i have bought, thinking the first was just defective... dummy me!<br />the monitor just blew up in my kitchen and scared me to death. it is only 2 months old!<br />soooooo disappointed in this product.<br />does anyone know where to get a reliable baby monitor with a large screen?
i tell you, this product is better than an internal oven lock! because, i am able to leave it in the lock position while i cook!<br />which allows me to do other things around the house and not have to be subject to hovering over the stove for 40 minutes and saving the huge headache of constantly telling my son to &#34;get away from the stove, it's hot!&#34;<br /><br />oh and to top it off, it's very easy to use.<br /><br />however, there is a negative. i have a dual oven. the top oven is smaller (1 rack) than the bottom oven (3 racks). the lock will only fit the top one, and not the bottom door. fortunately, we are a small family of 4 and only need to use the top oven.<br />so, it works for my family.<br /><br />i would recommend this product. i absolutely love it.
I'm glad I chose the Mam pacifiers. Of course, every baby has a different preference on the shape. My baby is now 9 months old and still happily uses the 0-6 months pacifier. One of the best things about the pacifiers is the little plastic case they come in; the case is used to sanitize the pacifiers in the microwave. You fill with water to a line and microwave for three minutes. I sanitize the pacifiers every night while I'm doing things around the kitchen. In nine months I have not seen any buildup or mold on the inside of the pacifiers. I know other pacifiers have issues with buildup, so I feel like I made a good buying decision!
Product is okay, would be better with a soft nipple. This one is hard, but still works for dispensing medicine which would otherwise be very difficult.
This worked alright to give our infant some medicine for thrush and her probiotics but if you didn't use it just right it would leak all over, which is not fun with sticky meds or limited prescription meds. It was the best way we found after trying several syringes, medicine cups, and dropper style dispensers, but still not perfect. It also was a little big for our 4-7 week old.
we used this on a vacation where it was sunny. the shade does its job and the clamp has an adjustable grip, which is nice. the problems we encountered were that the shade flops around in the wind and the flexible arm has a tendency to fall out of position unless you have an ideal situation. we worked around the arm problems by bending and twisting it in different ways. (there was also the issue that my baby was enamored by the shade and would grab it whenever it was in reach.) overall, i'd recommend it as a shading resource but if you have a stroller with a good hood on it, that would work best.
baby busted a seem the first night in it.  when he woke his hands were jammed up near his face.  it made me nervous to have his hands and the material stuck up near his face.
nice product and good service. unfortunately,  i can only give 3 stars as my 6 year old chewed through it fairly quickly.
Was recommended this product by someone whose baby takes daily meds, but it doesn't work any better than the drug store dispencers you get for free. Just bulkier.
I got a silver and green one so gender neutral colors. My pediatrician recommended and this is the one that worked for my daughter.I didn't mind what color I had gotten. This is also my first kid. We had to train her to take it.
i would pass on this gate. there are vastly better gates out there many of which cost less. this one for example i would highly recomend<br />http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/b006umub92/ref=oh_details_o07_s00_i00?ie=utf8&psc=1<br /><br />i bought this gate for the top of the stairs because the specs and reviews seemed to indicate it would work well for that. initially i was impressed with how it attached to the stairs as i will state in the pros<br /><br />pros<br />- the way it attaches to the stairs is actually among the best i have seen of any gate. most of my friends have to jury rig their gates with 2x4‚Äôs to get them to work on steps. this gate attaches to the banisters very easily and snugly.<br /><br />cons ‚Ä?there are a lot<br />- i am unable to open this gate with one hand. i am 6‚Ä?‚Ä?it is not because i am weak. you have to both unlatch the gate and lift it, but you cannot put enough force on the gate at the latch. you have to lift closer to the hinge.<br />- the instructions are hard to read and not very clear<br />- the screws it comes with are not nearly long enough, plan on needing your own.<br />- the way the gate latches does not work very well. you have to lift the gate up an inch, carefully position it over a hole, and then lower it in the hole. this seems easy, but it is not. it has a top and bottom hole to latch too and it is very difficult to get it to latch into both at the same time. other gates also are able to catch the gate when it is near the latch making latching them very easily. this gate does not have that.<br />- this one is very annoying. the gate extends to fit various size openings, but there is no way to lock it to a specific length. so basically every time you open the gate you end up changing the gate length and have to resize it again.<br /><br />in the end i had to duct tape the gate to keep it at one length, i broke off part of the latch to i could latch it with one hand, and i broke off the bottom latch. the gate is still strong and my daughter will not be able to open it, but it should just work.<br />this is also my 5th or 6th gate install so i know what i am doing.<br /><br />i only give this two stars because the banister attachments are quite good, just everything else is bad.
i thought these looked like cute burp clothes but they came and they are not great. it would cost more to send them back so we kept them. didn't work well for spit up so we used them on our changing table... i would not recommend them.
Unfortunately, my son refuses any and all pacis. We have bought several brands and this just happened to be one we tried. He hates them, but I am sure these are great pacis though..
it's cute and my kids like it.  feels heavy and fairly durable once assembled.<br /><br />i rated it down so low due to the fact it came with no directions and broken.  not because of amazon or ups, but because the manufacturer packaging was awfully poor.  the parts are only protected my then plastic sheaves and tossed in a large box.  two of the plastic bumpers on the front and back where completely shattered and one of the wires that travel through the posts was severed.  also the foam blue and red padding has deep grooves in a bunch of places from parts resting poorly on them in the box.  there were no assembly instructions!!!  it's not the hardest thing to put together, but i'm an engineer, and tend to be capable at these types of things.<br /><br />pass on this purchase or only purchase in store.
this product doesn't work with ipad. the app you have to download is only configured for the m3. i've tried several times to get that working. a closer inspection of the m2's box revealed that it's only certified for iphones and ipod touches, despite having a picture of an ipad on the box. it also says &#34;watch your baby from anywhere.&#34; now that would seem to mean you can watch the monitor through the web out of your home. unfortunately the monitor/app system only works within your wifi network.<br /><br />all that being said, the monitor isn't horrible. but for $150 i really expected more. i would just buy a camera w/ microphone and speaker for less money. i really wish apple would fix the misleading packaging for an item they sell in-store.
we loved the idea of this keepsake case for our baby book. thought it would be perfect to store the c.r. gibson baby book perfectly and keep it neat and tidy for years to come! we purchased the exact c.r. gibson baby book as pictured with the keepsake case in the stock photo. the keepsake case is way too small to accommodate the baby book, even when empty and not filled with memories, photos, ect. we did keep it, thinking it would be a nice place to keep photos, baby band from the hospital, well wishes, act from her early months‚Ä?but i would not recommend this product if wanting to use to keep that particular c.r. baby book inside.
when i first opened this blanket (keep in mind i bought six because i have twins and if we lost one i had a backup) i thought it was amazing! so soft and silky. then i washed it. the fur matted. i thought i could live with that because it was still soft. these blankets are going in the trash. i've washed them 10+ times and they are still shedding. they leave fuzz all in their bed, their clothes, on me, in their mouth, etc. save your money and buy something else!
i waited for my 3 month old to fall asleep before attempting to use this ink pad to always and forever remember his little tootsies... that was the easy part. stamping his foot was relatively easy, too. the print was dark and solid. much of the detail was lost, though. bummer. oh well, on to the next print (it states the pad may be used a few times before ink is used up). this time, i was going to stamp his little hand... the print wasn't nearly as dark, but there was all the detail i was looking for! all his little creases, wrinkles and finger prints! one problem, though... the previous attempt at his footprint transferred... my perfect little handprint now had his (less than) perfect little footprint right in the middle of it! ugh! i'll buy a real ink pad locally and try again. good thing i only paid about $5!!
my mom bought it as a gift but this thing is horrible.  i had the hardest time trying to get it to line up properly to even use.  once i was 100% frustrated i got it lined up but then had to stand there and hold button so it would puree and it is loud.  my baby started screaming, which didn't help my stress level of trying to make my own food for baby.  i ended up using my blender, which did a better job.  i would not recommend this to anyone.  infantino should just take it off the market.  waste of money.
i'm a first time mom and bought this (through walmart) because it came with a connecting stroller and seemed like a good deal. after a couple of months, my baby would scream in the car and for a while after getting him out. after a trip to the chiropractor, my doc checked this carseat and showed me that the foam padding behind the seat cover only goes to mid-back and then stops. no wonder my poor baby was cranky, he was in so much pain! i folded up a small receiving blanket to fill the padding gap, and there haven't been many problems since. i am disgusted with graco for making a carseat that would cause a baby pain (and of course, your baby can't tell you what's wrong or what is hurting). shame on them.
cute prints & cheap price.  the leg gussets don't quite fit my baby as they should.  small amount of leakage.
I hate this thing. It is so hard to get the medicine in the chamber and when you push it down to get the air out the stuff quirts all over. Plus I needed a VERY small amount (1ml) and the smallest measurement was larger than that. Maybe better for older babies like over 1.
I have ordered these MAM products (colors may vary) three times now, and every single time we have received pink ones.. I find that to be very odd and annoying.
i was excited for this snack dish, but after taking it out of the packaging, i've realized ours in completely defective. if i pick up the top, the bottom falls off. if i pick up the bottom, the top falls off. it doesn't even take a slight pressure to knock the halves apart -- just gravity.
i think that this is a great idea and i will certainly use it.  just be aware that there are phone apps that do this and for a lot less money.  i bought this without checking the phone app store (silly me).  its also lot smaller than i realized.  about the size of a small phone/pager.
I dont know if it was out kids or what, however we couldnt get either of them to use this thing.
This is harder than I thought it would be from the reviews and awkward with the plunger.  My son was not fooled!
When my son was first born, the MAM pacifiers were the only ones he would take. At about six weeks, he decided he wasn't interested in them and chose another brand. When he was three months old, I just randomly grabbed a MAM pacifier when I couldn't find a clean one of his favorite hoping that it would work. It did; however, I noticed that when he cried and I would go to insert the pacifier, the whole thing could fit in his mouth! Maybe these would work for a smaller baby up to six months (mine was 14lbs 3 months), but I wouldn't use them past 3 months.
this book has a lot of pages for each age. as the child grows, the number of pages decrease. too many questions are being asked and a lot of it is cluttered. not all information that it asks i'd want to answer and the ones that i do want, are not there.
I hope I could listen to others' reviews about its rolling problem. It is EXTREMELY HARD to steer!!! on ALL surface! And it's getting worse and worse and worse when your baby gets heavier. Besides, its basket is super small. I can only put in one diaper bag, and with some small clothing. That's it. I won't recommend this to anyone.
this item was very overpriced for the quality.  there were clumps of glue, the eyes are crooked, and the whole thing seems rather shoddily made.
i bought these to machine embroider and decorate them as burp clothes. they are so thin and not well made, very crooked stitching and fabrics pulls and stretches.. they might be ok as diapers but not for what i wanted.
tiny little purse-looking boxes. i loved them! i put an e.o.s. chapstick into each bag, with some little pacifier shaped candies, and closed it up. it all fit great into the bag. the cutest thing on our table--- besides are delicious baby shower cake!
found this crib bumper too flimsy , not thick enough. not at all comparable to other bumpers that i have .certainly does not give much protection.
Did not read right took to long for the read. Maybe for a older kid but not ours thank you though
i purchased this changing/dresser combo unit to use as a changing table for my daughter, we do not have pets or older children to rough house on it, and it is not at all the first piece of pre-fab furniture i have put together. while changing my 3 month old the top suddenly collapsed, the particle board surrounding the cam actually cracked and gave way. the matching dresser similarly constantly loses its drawer front when opened due to the cams not locking in place. when i called customer service, obviously upset, they were very unconcerned and offered to replace the top piece if i provided files of the images of the damage in x size etc. while the piece  was still under warranty i was not looking for a replacement, least of all one that was a hassle to obtain, but wanted someone to understand the danger it had posed my child and to look into the way in which it is manufactured as there is an obvious flaw. i spent close to $500 on the crib, dresser, and changing table only to throw them all out (and return the crib as it had multiple broken pieces on arrival) only months after purchasing... i will never buy a storkcraft item again.
when i ordered the above dog, i got a bear instead, when this is your child's lovey it actually makes a difference. i am not sure why i received the wrong item. it was too late when i realized it so i couldn't return it.
The thermometer comes in handy when you have a fussy baby who refuses to stay still and need to know if they have a fever. Medicine dropper same way
the screen works okay but has some problems with the suction cups failing from time to time.  you must clean the window very well before putting it on and it still has a tendency to lose suction from one or more of the cups.  while it works, it does a good job of blocking sunlight.
i have been annoyed by a sheet and mattress cover that keeps slipping off the corners of the bed. the pins were to fix the sheet and mattress cover to the mattress. i had previously used smaller ones and these are better but have not totally solved the problem.
this has served our purpose well. our daughter is almost 2.5yrs & has learnt to use it well on her own. i find the plastic attachment to the tap handle could be made better so that it doesn't twist when you pull or push the extended handle. even though it is very tight on our handle we can't seem to fix that problem. but it does the job well & i am contemplating ordering another for our other bathroom.
i am very disappointed because this looked like the answer to my bath problems. unfortunately, water leaks through the sides and right into the eyes (no matter which way i have the visor).  i would not buy another one.
my son is 14 months, 23ish pounds and this barely fits him on the largest setting. the tabs are also weak. meaning they stretch out and become very thin if that makes sense,
I have never seen a pacifier as hard to use as this. First, there is no handle to hold it in place, especially when my baby keeps on fidgeting. The part to hold is no thicker than 1cm. Given my fat fingers, it was extremely difficult to use as I keep dropping it. Secondly, one has really to see which direction each flat part is facing as there is only one direction that can be fitted into the baby's mouth. Terrible structure.
exactly as pictured. secures well to crib. colors are perfect for any baby girl's room. so glad i finally found a mobile that works as described!
once agian i never pay attention to the size, its pretty small, it is soft for the baby, but im to lazy to send it back.
i think it would have worked a lot better if before we got it i hadn't told my son that he had to wait for the sun to wake up before he could get up. now he harps on that and just asks me to change the button so the sheep will wake up.
these are not as nice as pictured. i was expecting a more sophisticated design. it looks the dragonfly was just stamped on the door pull. they are fine, just nothing to write home about.
this baby carrier offers a low price option to carry your baby around hands free. it's easy to put on, easy to put yoru baby into, and lightweight. what it doesn't offer is having your baby face towards you and the straps can dig into your shoulder muscles making it hard to go for longer periods.<br /><br />if you'd like a list of the top baby carriers and how carriers differ, visit the website allmomsareperfect.com and look under baby gear essentials. you'll find a baby carrier guide, stroller shopping and crib buying guide, and what to expect during delivery, recovery, and how to get sleep after baby comes along.
i find the velco to be very easy, but it is very stiff which makes the diaper less soft and comfortable.
these are hard to fill and the zippers are easily broke. really not worth the money.  i wish i would have bought a different brand.
smaller than i expected. but looks great in my son's nursery. i wish i could've bought all items together for theme.
it is so difficult to open/close, i just leave the gate open and move it around to get around it.  it is made of cheap plastic and looks it.  the color isn't white or off-white but a gray so it doesn't blend in.  it's probably worth $5.  i will most likely donate it so someone else can pay that.
very disappointment in the quality of jewelry. who goes through the trouble to monogram fake jewelry? i would have sent it back but why even go through the trouble.
i bought these to decorate my nursery. i love the bright colors, cute dinosaurs and the quantity of pieces. the problem is that they keep peeling off the wall. i have put some of them up multiple times and rubbed them a great deal trying to get them to stay up. i have never used this brand before but i do have peel and stick/moveable decals like this up in at least 4 other rooms in my home and have never had this problem before.
okay, so we ordered this a good month before our due date and thought that was plenty of time.  this came in about 5 business days after we ordered it and it came in damaged as it weighs 97 lbs. every corner was beat to hell.  called amazon customer service and they said okay, no problem, we'll ship you out a replacement, bad news is it can't be expedited, so we waited 5 more business days, get the second one in, not damaged at all.  sounds good right?! well, as i was piecing this beast together i quickly realized that they sent 2 left sides, not one right and one left!!  called customer service again and they said okay, we'll send you out the correct piece, but guess what.... yea, it's not going to be expedited!  the company south shore is in canada so their &#34;fast&#34; shipping is 5 business days, even on a piece that they screwed up on.<br /><br />it seems like a good product from what i have put together so far but order this thing like 3 months ahead of time to save yourself the trouble of possible damaged parts and pony express shipping.  and they can't give you any updates on the shipping or status until the other department &#34;moves&#34; on the order, can't even tell if they have the part in stock, i'd like to bet that they have 2 right sides in stock!  hey-yo!  look, i know we can change our baby anywhere but we were looking forward to putting all the blankets and what not away in the drawers and cubes...
i was trying to do some cost-cutting...instead i did some nipple cutting. it took forever (about 25 minutes) to pump 3-4oz with this thing (unless i was already at max and pouring out naturally). and because i would try to speed up the process, i would turn it to its highest setting, and it was painful. i didn't actually cut myself on the pump but i would be pretty sore after sitting there pumping for that long. and its so loud- especially if its a quiet house! it would sometimes wake up my sleeping baby upstairs! for the price i guess its what i got what i paid for. i have a medella now and it literally takes 5-10 minutes to pump 5-6 oz.
there was mix up in my order they were very helpful in getting my order to me. i am sending these to my grandchildren . they are really cute and i'm sure they will be used  a lot !
this did not fit my double door fridge. way too small. it was going to cost me more to send it back and insure it than i paid for it. not happy at all
i wish they were thicker. i still use them but will not be buying a second pack. i do like that they are soft but not very absorbent and often need a second wipe to finish the job.
i researched car seats for hours and was very excited to receive this car seat.  i'd chosen this seat because it is listed as 11lbs on the description (i wanted a light seat) and the reviews said that the fabric was nice (our carrier seat was very hot).  as soon as i lifted the seat out of the box i knew this wouldn't be all i had hoped it would be.  this car seat is not 11 pounds.  i'm not sure how much it weighs, but it certainly is heavier than that.  i believe that it's lighter than a lot of other car seats, but still.  both myself and my husband had a great deal of trouble getting the seat to recline.  when i did get it reclined, the angle wasn't enough.  my 6 month old son fell asleep on a brief test run and his head flopped forward.  i was terrified that he wouldn't be able to breathe (he was fine, but still).  the latch system was difficult to tighten and to loosen.  we will be moving this seat between cars occasionally and this latch system would drive us insane.  i sent this back the same day that it arrived and ordered the chicco nextfit instead.  i like how it easily and completely reclines and how the latch system seems to be fairly easy to utilize (i'll be posting a review once it arrives).  the only thing stopping me from ordering the chicco first was that i haven't loved the carrier seat i have from them.  i suppose i've learned that sometimes second chances are the best way to go.
had this lasted through even one child, i would have given it five stars.  it is nicely padded and i like the contour of the pad.  the problem is that my son wasn't even 16 months old before it started to tear in the center of the pad.  having the pad ripped, especially right in the area where the diaper is put on is not sanitary...now i need to buy another one.  if this was a $10 pad, that would be ok but for the price, it should last through at least one child.  i won't buy this brand again.
these were rigid and uncomfortable and did not sit well on my childs neck. they were warped and i couldn't fix them after many washes and rinses. and they were big. much better suited for a toddler.
it's super cute, but it is definitely not fit to be a ring and toss type toy. it is far too small and the rings are teeny tiny.
i bought the the first years 16 piece take & toss infant spoons and loved them! so i thought i would try another &#34;the first years&#34; product.<br /><br />i bought these a little early hoping to teach our son how to use a sippy cup these. unfortunately, the mouth piece is hard and he hasn't quit gotten the hang of it.<br /><br />however, that said, i think that he will be able to use the once he has mastered other suppy cups. i then plan to use these during travels so i don't have to worry about losing his more expensive cups.
i bought this as part of a baby shower gift (beach theme nursery).  the bucket is much flimsier than it appears in the picture.
i'm glad i bout these for my 2011 mercedes benz c300. they work as advertised. the only reason it's got 4 stars is because they are a bit hard to install. overall good product.
let me start by saying that i own several skip hop products. i've loved them all. so i was excited to use these as stocking stuffers for my 18 month old who is really getting into feeding himself. the chunky design is great for little hands! but the quality is atrocious! we handwash all the kiddo plates and utensils, and the paint came off in the first wash! i was certain it was a fluke with the dog set, so i opened the panda set. same thing! after reading other reviews, i see this is not isolated. i am terribly disappointed in skip hop, and expect better. i cannot recommend the purchase of these and am baffled by the higher star ratings shown here. i can see that many are from people who haven't actually used them yet, only ordered them.
sooooo, my daughter was grumping, diaper, feeding, gas etc.  after all the possibilities i set her down in the swing as my rocking seemed to calm her down.  after about 10 minutes she started crying again.  i got her out to see if she needed a diaper then the smell hit me.  it smells like burning!  i passed my daughter to my wife and then drug the swing out of the house into the yard.<br /><br />hope you have better luck then i did.
had breast cancer and had double mastectomy with tissue expanders. i am a side sleeper. this is allowing me to sleep on my side with out too much discomfort. i bought both the large one and this mini one. i like this one best. only downside is that at times i would like it a bit softer under my head.
i bought it for $9. too expensive for so small toy. but my daughter likes it.<br />she usually use it as teether
because this seat does not recline, any child that falls asleep on it will have his/her head hanging forward which is incredibly uncomfortable. if you buy a rumble seat, you likely do it to have your older child seer there, and older child usually will have a seat when they are tired. i can't understand how could uppa baby not be mindful of this.
it is what i wanted in the purpose.  using it for a puppy pen.  the screw joints are horrible, they do not screw down easy, you can barely get your fingers around.  we removed them completely, now the pen works like a champ.  the engineering on this item was something to be desired!!!!!  once it is up, without the screw-doles, it is easy to fold down and go, but, before removing the screws it would never have happened as easily as advertised.  also some of the panels plastic was warped like, it did not hurt the pen, but it is not a pretty thing looking at the warps.
my daughter in law loves this. she saw it in store and i found it here on amazon. this is not cheaply- or poorly-made furniture. it's not &#34;carriage trade&#34; (high-priced, custom craftsmanship) furniture by any means. it's mass-produced. but it's not junk, far from it. perfect for a new (or repeat) mom!
we are very disappointed with these bottles as we expected much higher quality.  the paint chipped & faded very quickly.  some of the bottle/lid combinations don't work together as the bottom of the lid will hit the bottle rim before it's tight enough to form a seal.
i got one of these bottles as a free sample and it was the only bottle my baby would take. i bought 6 of them. sadly, they would get cracks on the bottom of them and there was no apparent reason, they weren't dropped or handled improperly. every single one of them that we got cracked. contacted similac and they replaced the ones that had cracked, but they cracked as well. they would leak like crazy between the nipple and ring. i ended up having to switch bottle brands. very disappointed!
I bought bottles and received pacifiers.<br />The picture contain bottles and the title of the product is Pacifier.<br />I didnt pay attention to the title and bought based on the picture. Pacifiers were delivered.<br />Mistake of amazon.com<br /><br />Denise
The nipple part is hard and unable to be comfortable for my babies mouth. Ill return it and all I'd just like my money back
These are the only pacifiers that our little one will use.  They're great and inexpensive, so it's no big deal if you lose one, which will happen.
Works great! Much better than another kind I tried first before finding this one (Safety first which my baby would not use). Soft nipple just like real pacifier, easy for baby to get medicine out. Simple and non messy to put in as well. The medicine dispenser part breaks apart easily, I had to get a 2nd one because the first one broke. But you can still clip it back together & use it just that it's in 2 pieces instead of staying in 1 piece.
i love this high chair. my only concern is that the back is angled back which i find awkward. my daughter is always reclined back or she just holds herself straight up.
it is what i was looking for but they were really big on my daughter. i was able to pull them up past her upper chest area.
i would not give this to my child!!  the package fell apart, i'm guessing because it was old.  the liquid had brown particles floating in it.  i did not return is because it would cost more to send back that the product cost so i threw it away.
None available.
if you plan on breastfeeding your baby i highly highly recommend purchasing a my brest friend nursing pillow.  there is no support with a boppy pillow and if you are new to breastfeeding it can be quite a challenge. my baby often times would slip through and i'd have to hunch over to hold him up.  its extremely uncomfortable and hard on your back and shoulders etc  etc.  get the my brest friend..you won't regret it!
the materials are nice and so id the size - it does cover the entire seat, but the tape does not stick well enough to keep it in place so every use turns into a struggle to keep the cover covering the seat.<br />i will not be buying this brand again :(
it wont stand up.. waste of money.. i dont have the box anymore but would like to return it if i could..
bought this for my 5 year old nephew who recently expressed a lot of interest in space stuff.  it is a very light plastic and i am concerned it might not last a beating from a 5 yo, but so far so good.  it has some great informative information about space, planets, and astronauts.  he liked it immediately and so did i!
the zipper broke on this cover the first time i was putting it on‚Ä¶even before the baby was born. the fabric was thin and poor quality too. i like the design but the cover doesn't help me out with a broken zipper! poorly made.
i love this! it's so soft! i wish i had one of these sheets for my bed. my little man likes to rub his face on it while he falls asleep.
these are very cute and small enough for a kid lunch. problem is when they are frozen and get dropped (which happens a lot with kids) the plastic isn't thick enough and it cracks and creates a hole. all three of these broke within four months. this would be a great product if they used a thicker plastic substrate.
of thin, disposable nursing pads i've tried, i like these the least. the layers separate easily, and they bunch up. go for lansinoh brand instead.
purchased these buy they were too difficult to see from outside the vehicle.  decided to get exterior decals instead.  these are also pretty small.
my son hated them from the beginning and they are not that useful because food slides on them and they are small so it ends up on their lap...plus they are sized for children with extra slim necks!<br />i used them twice and will give them away. waste of money.
this necklace isn't safe for children with teeth to chew on. my son only wore this necklace once. i bought this necklace so he could have a non distracting sensory item at school to chew on, and one that hopefully isn't as noticeable as a sensory item. the teacher took it away from him, and contacted me of the choking hazard. when i saw the necklace there was huge chucks missing on both sides of the pendent. i wouldn't recommend this necklace to anyone, because it is dangerous!
i am very disappointed in this item.  it is just a tote bag and the material is not as nice as the diaper bag. very over-priced for what it is.
i was so excited to get this for my daughter because she loves silky blankets. first of all, it had a rip on the side. it was about the size of my entire index finger. secondly, it was super thin. and lastly, the material it was made out of, was horrible. my daughter kept pulling out the little strings and eating them. the only good thing was the silk was actually silky.
these are the new favorites in my house! he loves the shapes and i love the way they use so much of the bread! little waste!!!
after having a tough time finding a good quality, inexpensive white changing table, i found this and added it to my registry. for the price, i expected something ikea quality: easy to assemble, good quality, resilient, exposed screws, etc. i received the table and assembled it today and found it to be sub-ikea quality.<br /><br />taking the pieces out of the box showed a chip on one of the end pieces, right on the inside next to where the baby will lay. the chip can be fixed with a dab of wood putty and some white paint, but i wouldn't expect to have to do that for a brand new piece of furniture. then, as i was assembling the table, i had 3 or 4 instances of the wood splitting from the screws being screwed in. i'm 8 months pregnant and using a manual screwdriver; i don't exactly have hulk strength, and yet the wood split.<br /><br />the table, as others have noted, is a little wobbly, too. we'll probably put a shim under one of the feet to level it out; again, not something i'd expect to have to do for a brand new item.<br /><br />my biggest complaint is the smell. not from the wood, but from the baskets, which are canvas over what appears to be cardboard. i assembled in my living room and my entire 1st floor smells like paint, and it's just coming from the baskets. if it wasn't snowing, i'd put the baskets outside to air out. as it is, i'm glad they have 6 more weeks to air out before the baby's here.<br /><br />compliments to amazon, though, for refunding us a bit for the damages (since we'd already assembled it, returning or replacing it really weren't options for us).
i bought this for my toddler and he loved it.  it is a great size and not too fluffy.  then i washed it after a few days of use and it is now completely ruined.<br />the stuffing is now a hard little ball and the pillow is now completely worthless.<br />waste of money
it looks so nice, doesn't it? a cup designed to teach your toddler how to drink out of the edge of the cup, no? i mean, so wonderful, right?<br /><br />wrong!<br /><br />in order for the mechanism to work properly, your child will have to shove his/her face against the lifted plate, allowing flow of liquid to the mouth. if, somehow, the lid has any pressure, it will leak. i repeat, it will leak. or, it will spill all over your child in the car.<br /><br />and, to make matters worse, cleaning it is a nuisance. for the price, this product is seriously a joke. flawed in every way.<br /><br />you've been warned!
we bought this because my daughter in law needed a pump that ran on batteries (in school without a place to use her electric pump). this was the only one i could find- and after reading the reviews i knew there was a few potential problems. if you follow the set up instructions in the book- it is easily assembled. once it was assembled- we did have suction, and we did get milk. our next problem was the milk would collect in the valve- but not drop into the bottles. then the suction would stop.<br /><br />i called the next day to the number in the book- and they said not to tighten the bottles- keep them loose. this fixed the milk dripping into the bottles.  she emptied fairly quickly- less than 5 minutes for 6 ounces, the noise was not too loud.<br /><br />the 3 stars was because we had to read the instructions to fit the bottle/flange assembly into the pump motor, and for the trouble shooting.  loosening the bottles should be listed in the book for the trouble shooting. they only have adjust flap or bottle too full as options.
i was supposed to receive two boy cups in a tall size; that's the specific reason that i chose to purchase this particular set. 2, 9 fluid ounce cups came, one in yellow and one in pink. very disappointed.
my toddler will not use the sassy ll cup<br />the cup does what it professes but is not enjoyable to my toddler
i spent 320 usd and the product, doesnt work .nobody gave me a solution. neither avent philiphs. i hope that somebody fix that problem
we have 2 toddlers under 3 years old. one of them has no interest in the oven. the other one seems to be constantly attracted by it. our oven is some italian brand and the other safety devices i tried on it did not work well. this one took some creativity to install too, because the gap between the oven door and the body was a little too small, but in the end i was able to find a place to put and it fit like a glove. i could not have hoped for a better product for the purpose. &#34;thank you&#34; to whoever designed this thing.
cheap quality. not easy for baby to sleep . i like the easy instructions on how to secure into the car
This item I heard was very fast and useful. I went ahead and bought it. It does work.. After a long time. My son will get fussy and will spit out the pacifier. It works well. If only it worked much faster. Instead of waiting 2 minutes.
I was excited to buy this and was disappointed when actually using it.  There's a chance it might work better for other babies.  Didn't work for my little guy.
I love the concept of this. I got one for my baby shower the green version. Well, unfortunately when I took it out of the package the pacifier thermometer didn't work. It would beep but it wouldn't take a temperature or show anything on the screen. Also, I do not recommend using the pacifier medicine dispenser on any child under 6 months maybe more than that.The reason being because the hole is very large and even though it contains the medicine when you suck it out basically all the medicine comes out so it's about as useful as using a spoon. It sucks I wasn't able to use the thermometer part I was looking forward to it being easier. However, I do not recommend this product. Why waste your money when you can get a regular thermometer for $3 or less.
hi, we were freaking out about baby's head getting flat, so we bought this for his crib.<br /><br />it never really worked, the baby was always moving around too much for his head to stay in the one spot.<br /><br />what worked just fine for us was &#34;tummy time&#34; - supervised lying on his belly for a couple (or more) hours each day. had the advantage of building upper-body strength too. and then at night lay him on his back.
i really like the house of botori patterns but i've found the make of this particular bag a bit restrictive. the two drinks pockets on either end of the bag are really hard to get a bottle into. it sits well on my shoulder but that's because it really doesn't fit a lot. i'd recommend it for a quick outing with baby if you're using disposable nappies and not using any sippy cups or bottles.<br /><br />as with all house of botori bags it comes with a great range of accessories including stroller straps, wet bags, insulated drink bottle bag, pacifier pouch and change pad. it's well made with good quality two way zippers.
i bought this a year ago at toys r us.  it makes a huge mess everytime you use it regardless of setting. i put it on the carpet once and it was like it had rained around it when we woke up. i put it on a nightstand and again everything around it this time my table, lamp, etc on down to the carpet below soaked.  i pulled it out again a few weeks ago and put it on an upside down laundry basket on tile on towels just in case, and obvious answer was another big mess.  i thought maybe its just faulty.  anyway, i thought id look here for reviews to see if others had this problem.
i bought this product based on the wonderful reviews.  i wanted a roomy backpack-style bag and one that my husband would be willing to carry.  i like that it was roomy and masculine-looking.  many backpack diaper bags are too small.  i also loved the easy access pocket at the top of the bag.  we used this for burp clothes and an extra set of clothes when our son was spitting up all over the place.  i disliked the wipe dispenser.  it didn't have a tight enough seal to keep your wipes moist and you lose lot of space in the bag, so it was just wasted space for us.  it also makes the bag open awkwardly, which was a constant bother for me.<br /><br />the worst part of the bag was that it didn't hold up.  before my son turned one, the right shoulder strap started to tear.  i finally gave up on the bag and got a smaller one for his toddler years since i find that i'm not hauling as much as i did when he was a baby.  now that baby #2 is on the way, i'll be looking for something else.
love the swaddle blanket, very fashionable so now that my son is no longer swaddled we use it a lot in the car/stroller. as for the cd, i love the idea of white noise (from the book of the same name). however, even when you play it on repeat (which is what the book suggests) you get this funky gap in noise, that is somewhat disturbing if the baby (or i) am in a sleep/wake transition state. i think a sound machine is required if you want truly constant white noise.
it did not work. hoping we can return it. it was a gift to my granddaughter. now my daughter must try to return it.
i purchased 3 of these and i was not able to create 1 normal hand print. the clay mold was not of the right consistency, since i had also purchased other similar products and was able to compare the different clay molds (those had softer, better consistency). i ended up throwing all of 3 of them away, definitely a waste of money.
i ordered these pouches in september with high hopes of getting a lot of use out of them. we used them 2-3 times for applesauce type purees and found we had to put them inside a ziploc bag to prevent leakage into lunch bags. there was a tiny gap at the end of the zipper that allowed liquids to slowly leak out. i was disappointed to have to bag them, but figured it was still better than buying the disposable pouches. after a couple of months of not using them, i tried again today and had a lunchbox full of applesauce. my daughter pulled the pouch from it's protective ziploc, but did not finish it. at some point on its way back home, the zipper on the pouch pulled away from the pouch itself, releasing all the contents into the lunch bag. we have only used the pouches about 5-10 times. unfortunately, i am a month too late to be able to return them.<br /><br />i was also disappointed to find that the back of these pouches are almost completely covered with info and instructions, instead of the cute pattern.
not only was this late but 3 were broken... took over a month and a half to get.. not happy!
my wife purchased 2 of these gates to be used at both the top and bottom of our stairs.  when i began to assemble things it was clear to me why it had been reviewed poorly by others for the instructions.<br /><br />first of all, the instructions are not at all clear and just plain incorrect when it comes to screw hardware placement. in addition to the blatant error in directions, the manufacturer has two sets of screws paired with threaded inserts which are already screwed together.  one would expect the bolts and threaded inserts are paired with one another in the same groupings as they will be used in the gate assembly, but that's not the case per the instructions.  mind you there is little difference in the bolt sizes so keeping it straight was more tedious than necessary, it can't be more than $0.001 in cost to commonize the screws.  i can afford that convenience.<br /><br />in addition to the pain the rear stuff that can be resolved with a little reasoning one of the two units we ordered came missing component &#34;j&#34;, an upper hinge part.  the manufacturer was however kind enough to give me two component &#34;k&#34; pieces which is the upper handle section of the unit that can't be configured in any way to attach the gate to the stairs.<br /><br />now i have to contact the manufacturer and i hope the reviews about poor customer service are only a fluke....
we debated baby monitors for just about 9 months. we went back on forth on the brands and if we should get one with a movement monitor. at the end of the day toys r us had a sale on this monitor. the picture is great day or night. we can get about 100-200 feet away from the house out in the yard or garden before signal is lost. the sound is very clear. the color sound bar lights up when baby makes noise which is nice if you have the tv up a little louder or generally don't pay attention very well. we have the camera hung on the wall above the crib and it pans and tilts just fine. i used it to &#34;spy&#34; on my wife while she was nesting in the nursery before the baby was born. since then the novelty has worn off. the zoom is digital and we don't use it much. this camera has only a single green led visible at night and it is small. you cannot see the infrared lights at all. we have not used the night light mode at all, but have accidentally turned it on once or twice. the two way voice is nice, but our 8 month old doesn't really seem to care. seems to be a solid product. does not suffer any noticeable interference from nearby wifi.
this is an adorable toy, but beware - the two halves pull apart and snap together quite forcefully. little fingers and mouths can get pinched.
comes off very ez and not safe at all would never buy this again not safe for babys and kids
these do not fit the (standard crib size) safety first heavenly dreams crib mattress, even though the product description says they will, judging by the dimensions listed. i do have a mattress pad as well, so that may be why, but i doubt it. i managed somehow to wrangle the sheets on one time, after much huffing and puffing, and they were so tight that the mattress started to bend upwards. i am aware crib sheets need to be snug, but that was a little much. carter's sheets were a much better fit.
the ball is very cute and soft. i don't like that there isn't any way to turn it off and you can't replace the battery.
big letters on the box side says it works with ipod.  the truth is you need an older android phone to operate it.  once you get the right phone, then you are able to play songs from the ipod.  very deceptive, never buy erector again, got my first set 50 years ago.
it's a great product while it works, which is about a few months at best. like all the other negative reviews, we exchanged this item every few months because the projector stopped working properly. there's clearly a problem in the parts/design.
i got these to wash my baby bottles and nipples. worked well in the beginning but fell apart within a week. the sponge eventually kept running away from the stick.  it would slide to the sides of the stick. eventually the only thing that goes into the nipple to clean is the end of the stick while the sponge was at the bottom out of its place. the bigger sponge must only work for born free bottles bec it was a bit too big to go in my avent and medela bottles. poor design. sponge itself was nice. waste of $$
loved the colors ... but very annoyed at the fact that the border is not part of each tile... which my 2 year old keeps pulling very easily.
this works pretty well. i was hoping for it to clear it up 100% but i would say about 75% effective. bars are normal size and last quite a while , definitely work buying
i use this gate to keep my two cats separated. one of them likes to &#34;attack&#34; that other sometimes, and this helps to keep them apart. i wanted something tall, so that they could not jump over it. this is the perfect height. one of my cats is only 6 pounds, and she can walk right through one set of the bars, but the other one, who is about 12 pounds, cannot fit through at all. i also like this gate because i rent an apartment, and i didn't have to put any holes in my landlord's walls to set this up.
at first we loved this seat, despite the fact that it is very lightweight compared to our graco nautilus and britax seats. in other words, it feels a bit flimsy and has a tendency to slide all over the place. pros: price is reasonable, very cute design, fabric is durable, my son loves the lights. cons: there are a couple of serious design flaws: 1) the shoulder belt has to pass through an opening in the seat in order for it to be properly positioned and it slips out of that notch almost every time my son uses the seat. then i have to reposition it again because it's too complicated for a 6-year-old to do. this is very annoying, so much so that we are considering selling this seat and getting a different one. 2) the position of the light located under the shoulder strap notch causes the light to be bumped, accidentally turning the light on with almost every use of the seat, running the light's battery down needlessly. so there are both pros and cons but if i had it to do over again, i would choose a more substantial seat with a more reliable belt-positioning system.
beware, this chair is very horribly made!! the springs pop out of the bottom with no weight on it. when you can pop them back in they sit extremely uncomfortably!!! my bottom hurt and was numb after just 10min. thought it might just be me but my husband is a very fit guy and sat on it for a total of 15min and was complaining as well. sadly the cushions aren't well made either. would highly recommend spending a little extra money for a chair that you can actually sit in and use.
the tubing didn't have the attachment pieces to attach it to the pump. only useful if you already have tubing.
not very effective for toddlers, they are smarter than a suction cup and can easily move or detach the bowl.
hi everyone i would not recommend this set to any one. it's looks like a tiny peaces of the fill from the blanket comes out all the time and gets into  the child's mouth and nose. very not happy looking for something different 50$ to the garbage.<br />looks very cute on the picture, but only looks:(
this worked pretty well, but if it's not perfectly lined up the top allows the powder to spill from one of the divided areas into another.  that defeats its purpose which is to hold accurately premeasured formula powdered.  i used it on a long trip and it was getting bumped around a lot.  i guess if you didn't toss it into a baby bag it would be fine, but i ended up holding the lid in place with a large flat rubber band ;)
this hamper would be great, but only if you never move it.  if you carry it back and forth from the laundry room, or otherwise regularly move it, it will fall apart.  the plastic support poles that hold it together break through the mesh and fabric easily, and slide out.  it started to come apart very early on, and was entirely useless after no more than a month and a half.<br /><br />at only $10, you get what you pay for.<br /><br />but if you just want something stationary, for decoration, then this is the hamper for you.
The link says it is a 13.3&#34; sleeve for Asus..when I got the sleeve in the mail, on the package it says 12&#34;<br />I wanted to return the item since it was suppose to be for 13.3&#34; and is NOT, but due to product being flammable I can no longer return the item. :(<br />I do love the color though
This does not say colors may very!  I got green & white.  Looks orange to me!  Very disappointed once again!
i set this up as a &#34;bathroom&#34; for puppy training. the gate is awkward to operate, might be easier on a floor inside. in a wind storm the&#34;bathroom&#34; got blown around some and the frame of the gate broke clean through in the lower right corner as seen in the picture.
cute bib but you should know after the first wash it needed ironed because it curled up.  we just threw it in a bib box for casual wear around the house.
i am rating this product as &#34;okay&#34; because it is a good light up bath toy. however, i purchased it because i was looking for a bath thermometer. it is not a bath thermometer! it fades from one color to the next, to the next, to the next. the color change has nothing to do with the bath temperature at all. if it had been advertised as a light up bath toy and i had purchased it for that reason, i would be perfectly happy. the description is misleading, and of course i am not going to go through the motions of returning a $6 bath toy with all the hassle that is involved, but now i have to look for another bath thermometer for my baby! i am extremely disappointed! they need to update their description, as it is not a correct representation of the product.
i don't know that we have a non-standard oven, but this definitely does not work on our oven, and i can't imagine a way that it would work on any oven.
This is the first binky that we gave our son and he's loved them every since. We tried to give him a different brand but he won't have anything to do with it.<br /><br />As other reviewers have mentioned, I wouldn't recommend getting these from amazon unless you want pink ones. Apparently &#34;colors may vary&#34; really means PINK.
I ordered this set when my triplets were sick.  They hate having their temperature taken, and equally hate taking medicine.  I had hoped that if the thermometer and medicine dispenser were in the form of a pacifier they would take them.  They didn't.  :|  I'm sure the product works fine for others, but NOT ONE of my trio would take either the thermometer or the medicine dispenser.
my 16 month old received a full rash from these around his mouth. be careful and remember latex allergies are possible. i'll stick with silicone from now on. the style of these are perfect though - size and the little flippy handle thing - helps us find the binky in the dark.
i was so excised when my 13 month old son's teething symptoms went away after putting on this necklace! it was like magic! however, only three days after the necklace arrived it broke! the knot loosened at the clasp and fell off.  i cannot repair it. fortunately, i saw it fall off his neck and picked up the pieces.
lasted maybe a couple a weeks & then both mats ripped at the seams so easily<br />do not waste your money buying these
works great for keeping my 2 little ones out of our office space. however i only gave it 4 stars because its not as sturdy as i'd like it to be and i'm afraid in time my son will stand on it too much and it will come out of the walls....1 month and still standing.....time will tell.
The npple is very hard!  My daughter did not like, using a bottle nipple is easier than this using this!
My pediatrician didn't recommend to use pacifier thermometers on newborns... Too bad it's too Late to return it... Will see if medicines dispenser will be useful
I ordered the first essential nooks in blue 4 packages and they sent me pink. What am I going to do with that for a boy.
This pacifier is a much bigger than others out there. There are two flaps which stick out at the sides. My son doesn't like it as it probably takes up too much space in his tiny mouth.
the product don't have good condition!! the product comes with a little yellow color in all of plastics! this is not recomended to childrens
Only pacifier that works. I now what to reorder, but the picture shows a bottle????<br /><br />What am I ordering, the item name or what's on the picture??? :-)
our son hates it. he is 5mo old and will do everything in his power to get it off or avoid it.
breastfeeding for chesty girls is no joke! i bought this in the hopes of being able to bf modestly, but eventually gave up. i'd get so frustrated trying to manage my breast, my baby's head, and keeping this cover over everything. it was more trouble than it was worth. that said, the design was adorable and the little slider to remind you which side you left off on was a great idea. i wish i could have gotten more use out of this, but i think it needs to be about three feet wider in order to cover more chesty mamas.
suction cup doesn't work the best, but it was cheap enough that i could fabricate my own mounting system to make it work.
it works good. the only problem i have is that is should have a timer so that one would have more control over warming things (bottles and food)
ordered these bibs over 2 months ago and still no sign. i really love trend lab bibs but what the heck!! am i going to get the bibs once my baby does not need bibs anymore??!!??
love the print on these but they leak like crazy! i loved them when we were using them because i was so excited to use cloth diapers and so excited about my baby that i didn't mind baby pee on me. i thought the leaks were normal. now that we are in regular sized diapers i know that the leaks were not normal. the seams around the legs seem like they are unfinished so that the inner fabric touches whatever baby is wearing or sitting on. so even if the diaper doesn't drip pee it will always seep it. some days (and often) baby went through a new change of clothes with every diaper change. the first time i just used one outfit all day long i thought it was a miracle. but no, thats how the diapers should work! i stripped the diapers and everything, but they always leaked. i currently use bigger size grovia diapers along with several other brands and don't have a leak problem. it is obviously specific to the make and fit of the newborn diapers. horrible.<br />we only bought grovia brand for the newborn sized diapers. we currently use several brands of one-size diapers. i highly recommend buying several brands of both newborn and one-size diapers. the one-size can be too huge on a newborn. its nice to have something that fits better for the first month or two. but grovia newborn diapers leaked like crazy for us. i'll try them again with baby two, but am definitely buying another brand's newborn diapers next time!
the colors are great but the straps and handles leave much to be desired. the glue used in assembly is black and the workmanship is tacky. the bag has no structure to it. the size would be great if the zipper weren't recessed so far from the top limiting storage space.
this may be good for someone else, but it was not good for my daughter. i ended up buying a nice one from babies r us. it wasn't as thick as i thought it would be.
i like this carrier and use it often. it's very simple and comfortable and doesn't hurt my back even after hours of wearing (my baby is currently 12 lbs). i am a big fan of mei tai carriers and love that this one was more affordable. the only reason i gave it 3 instead of 5 stars is that there are small, white fibers inside the padded straps that work their way out with each washing. i washed it before using it the first time and it looked like there was pet hair all over the straps! i had to pick them all off which was very annoying. i wouldn't buy this product again due to this, i guess it's worth it to spend more money on a brand with higher quality materials.
the 1-star rating is due to the inability to easily adjust anything on the seat.  on the base, the recline foot does not work at all, but thankfully in it's fully extended position, it is level in our vehicle - a happy coincidence.  all moving parts on the seat and base are extremely difficult to move or adjust.<br /><br />on the positive side, i would so far give it  5 stars for safety.
not worth the money.  i own an uppababy single and compare the two strollers as both being &#34;premium&#34; strollers yet this one is made cheaply in comparison with an overinflated price tag.  for instance the side latches which allow you to lift and reverse the seat feel of poor construction and require a little &#34;jimmying&#34; instead of smoothly fitting.<br />i returned this waste and now just use my ergo and uppababy.  it came with a bassinet for my little one unlike the bugaboo where everything is a la carte. and of less quality.  oh and the basket beneath is a joke.
the stopper hat is really just an average bathroom tool.  it's made of cheap-feeling styrofoam.  i'm not sure it's worth the asking price.  maybe half that.  you can really just get by with cotton balls with vasoline for a whole lot cheaper!
i order this one, but they send me a different one and i hate it. this is the one they send me, the sassy-polka dots<br /><br />[[asin:b00cq5zi22 sassy polka dots teething feeder]]<br /><br />so in my review of this sassy-polka dot one, i do not like it. the top or cap does not have the 'filler' that keeps whatever you put in the net cool. also, it's a pain to get it open to put fruit in or to take it open to wash. you have to squeeze the 2 sides while turning it in counterclockwise to open it. it is so difficult and i just hate it. can't get a refund coz i opened it.
from the photos, i had presumed the diaper bag i was ordering would have been sturdy and better quality. when i order on the amazon app, it doesn't automatically show me the shipping cost, which ended up being double the cost of the bag. i really wouldn't have cared if the bag was the quality it seemed. hence my disappointment when it was received. i tried contacting the seller and was met with a rude and very uncourteous response. not even going to bother returning it for the measley $10 the bag cost. dealing with them isn't worth 10 bucks. so no. absolutely no recommendation here. poor quality. not cost effective. rude and horrible customer service. better people deserve your business.
nice idea, not good for travel or 8oz dr browns bottles. works well to mix formula without or less bubbles compared to mixing when shaking a bottle to dissolve formula. however, if you want to pack this to go, the on/off switch protrudes out from the body of the mixer that it turns on easily if you try to place it in your diaper bag. also, as some reviewers have noted, this mixer does not reach to the bottom of the 8oz dr. browns bottles.
these covers are great for small leaks and they wash well. they can go in the washer and the dryer so you don't have to pick them out of the laundry. i use them with my child and as a teacher of toddlers i suggest them to parents when there child is still learning to toilet.
i ordered the orange and green set or so i was thought.  finally after a month of waiting i received a pink set.  yeah... great job guys.
music box does not work.  witch also make the unit turn where broken on arrival.<br />the stuffed animals are good. that's all. good luck
Much larger than pictured and kid of looks like a toddler teething toy.  I sent it back. It could be cute for like a two year old but not much older than that.  It looks like a toy.
what is shown in the pictures is sunny baby brand diapers. what i received is baby city brand. the baby city diapers are made of fabric of lower quality and sewn with less care. i am a professional seamstress who bought these to save time. i bought them on a black friday sale and thought i was getting a great deal on sunny baby diapers, but instead paid a low price for a low quality thing. because i did get what i paid for and i was in a pinch in need of diapers, i kept them. after posting this, i was refunded 50%. i have chosen to keep the one star rating, though, because i am still that dissatisfied with the product, although the seller has stood behind their guarantee. that will be reflected in my review of them. if the brands were different and the quality equal, i would have been a satisfied customer.
we did quite a bit of shopping around for baby monitors before our first child arrived.  we have been very happy with our purchase.  there are 2 different options for listening - you can have the listening piece on at all times - hearing everything that is taking place in your baby's room; or you can have the &#34;voice activated&#34; feature on - which only turns on when the baby makes noise - it's a very nice feature.  there are also a few different volume levels, and the louder or more noise there is in the baby's room, the more lights show up.  the battery life is pretty good - probably lasts a few days, as long as you don't keep it on 24/7.  there's also an adapter available that re-charges the device - and you can leave it plugged in at all times if need be.  our only complaint is there is occasionally quite a bit of feedback if a computer, cell phone, or any electronic device is too close to the monitor which can be a bit annoying.  overall - very happy with the product and would recommend it to anyone.
eh so it got here fast! thank you amazon.....the quality is not what i had expected coming from carter. the comforter is very thin and so are the sheets. it looks good but i'm concerned on how many times i'll be able to put it through the wash before i'm replacing it with a different set. if i had to do it all over again i would pick a different one. bummer cause it's pretty neat and simple unlike others i've came across. fortunately he won't be in a toddler bed for too long. this is definitely not a had me down.
fake! it's just plastic beads! my poor little guy was suffering so badly! i learned my lesson, i'll buy quality next time over saving a few bucks!
horrible!!! please - do not buy this thing to set your baby in front of a screen all day!!!!! please!
i bought the original version and the zipper never really worked, resulting in lots of failed attempts to make the zipper catch and plenty of dried out wipes. i contacted the company and was told  there was a new version addressing the zipper problem. they sent one out very quickly free of charge (great customer service). the new zipper is metal instead of plastic, and after a couple months, we've had no problems. i love being able to put this in the diaper bag instead of a huge bag of wipes or a clunky hard plastic case. i've found a new baby shower gift.
i think this was quite stupid in all honesty.  sure, i could have looked at the dimensions but i thought the pictures were misleading and they could have showed a kid holding it to show the actual size.  regardless, it was cheap looking and just wasn't impressive what so ever.  will be returning.
i cannot comment on this product because we never received it even after a month we placed the order, never had a word of apology from the seller either.<br />we have been looking forward to receiving the item for our 2year old son but ended up wasting a month waiting for nothing...<br />no idea how the product is like but the company should improve their customer service.
deeply disappointed. wanted a flannel sheet as the weather is turning cooler.  the fabric is so thin and the weave so loose that it bears no resemblance to real flannel. putting it right back in the package and returning it.  shame as the price was good. do not waste your time or money.
I was disappointed as they were pink I was expecting them to look as pictured.  Since the girl I bought it for is expecting a boy  it was dissapointing
this product did not really keep away the mosquitoes. i was expecting something which would save my family from becoming a backyard buffet. this product did not meet my expectations because it did not repel mosquitoes.
this was a great product at first but the music got fuzzy after a few weeks and then the light went out on the projector so i doesn't work at all! i am super dissapointed because my son really loved it!
this crib sheet is soft and the color is nice, but the elastic around the edges is narrow and cheap - as our daughter is rolling around in her crib, the sheet moves and bunches.  probably won't purchase again.
my daughter loves this toy but only if we are interacting with her. she also loves to put the mallet in her mouth like a lollipop. if we introduce her to the noises it makes she will play with it with us. she will not however play with it on her own very long and it is not a toy that she takes out of her toy box.
after four months, it is not working anymore. it was great when working on good start formula. back to shaking the bottle.
not very good quality and lets loose way too much lint every time it is washed. it is nice looking but that's about it.
falls of the wall useless not a good product it doesn't hold anything the minute you put something in it falls of the wall then you need to stick it again. even when you push the button.
I have a lot of trouble finding this kind of paci in stores.  I wish I hadn't gave my son this kind because he won't take any other now.  They are great pacifiers though.  Also don't get your hopes up on the color you want.  my son got pink.  It's not a big deal but some moms are very picky. I was just pretty desperate because I can never find these at local stores so I didn't care about the color.
agree with the 1-2 star reviews.  i've had this for maybe 10 months and the seal/valve is no longer so when you spray it it is massive water coming out of all ends and cracks.  after a few spontaneous bouts of dousing the bathroom and myself, it is unfixable.  for a $50 model i would have hoped for longer wear, but i will try one of the cheaper models for my second one.
my daughter likes the music but is not happy with the upside down elmo, it's not very sturdy and no longer rolls. part of the plastic underside is dragging making it immovable.
never got to use it because it shrank on first wash (i washed it exactly according to instructions, gentle cycles on both wash and dryer)!
these do the job but they are so pricy! i actually prefer the gerber training underwear over these and they are a fraction of the price at $7 for a three pack).
i so wanted to love this, but once it is wound up you get like 2 seconds of spin. it needs a damper or something to slow it down. so i would wind this thing way up to get more like 5-7 seconds of kick-ass spin. only thing is i broke the rubber bands :-( and you need a crochet hook to string a new one up(comes with 2 extra bands). i broke all three and now my 2 year old lovingly reminds me everytime she takes a bath, &#34;daddy broke it.&#34;
my son loved playing with this before it made its way to the tub.  once it hit the water, it was difficult to get a sound out of the keys so my son quickly lost interest.  when it fills with water, it flips upside down and it is near impossible to get the water out.
for the price, it was pretty good.  it does pull down on the shoulders quite a bit.  so good for short term wears.  i made a video review of it if you would like to see how it works http://youtu.be/p5honchd2x0
i do not think this necklace help at all. i bought it because my friend's kids use it and they told me it help, but my 15months old baby is still crying in pain for teethining. i didn't see any difference between wearing it or not..
it doesn't seem to be two inches thick as stated and i don't thinky daughters school will accept it. other than that it is beautiful with a great design, so easy to roll up, love that everything is attached and my daughter who is almost 4 loves to tote it around, the shoulder strap is great for either of us to carry. if it was thick enough to meet requirements i'd give it 5 stars.
it's difficult to work the lock and doesn't fit the door quite tightly enough. why isn't it just a tension lock? it's not really a &#34;pressure mount.&#34; it looks nice, though, but my cats can jump over it easily
extremely happy with this product. was a little worried at first.<br /><br />it suctions really well - we move it twice a day and it never falls.<br /><br />what's nice about this device is that you can move it (unstick and stick) with just one hand.
i followed all the directions and now, a little over 6 months later and its all peeling off :( the kids are so disappointed - and i am out all that money :(
stopping working after 5 months :( worked fine up until yesterday! then it started turning on and off. disappointed in this product..
i bought my sister this diaper bag.  i bought it by virtue of the strength of the gerber brand and the price [; i have always associated the name gerber with being a quality baby brand.  boy, was i wrong! by the time my nephew was 3 months old my sister had to be shopping for baby bag! the fabric tore in the seam long the upper edge of the bag! obviously the fabric had dry rot! this bag must have been in storage fro a long time.<br /><br />pros: the additional bag and container for wet wipes were good ideas; the size is also good.<br /><br />i would not recommend this product.
i wish i could give less then 1 star.  the cable itself is fine.  the video that comes from the unit is subpar at best.  it appears to be zoomed and is not clear.  very disappointed.
hate them but i can't find something i would like. these shells leak all the time, i use them to collect milk while nursing but normally i've somehow spilled it by the time i'm done nursing, so i end up soaked. it shouldn't have so many holes, one whole on the top to empty it (like  they used to make them long time ago) would be better.
i bought this for my neices first birthday its cheaply made very small the carriages on the sides look like pak man symbols it doesn't have a very noisy raddle im not sure if it is even going to grab her attention i wanted it to be the main gift but it so small an cheap that it seems like just an extra detail so now i have to find something els not even un a solid plastic box just that flimsy folded plastic with a crumpled bow on the top very unhappy with this purchase
this seat got jammed in the base after a 1.5 weeks of use. it's crap. its really hard to remove from the base. not recommended.
the dog gate works great for me, i have a little mop for a puppy with hardwood floors, so he sides around alot when playing, the gate is a life saver, so he don't fall down the stairs
i make lunch every weekday for both my son and myself.  i take this lunchbox to work, and i don't pack a light lunch.  i use reuseable containers so a lot of pyrex bowls are carried in this lunchbox, potentially filled with soup or other heavy contents.  unfortunately, the handle quickly became frayed where the rubber padded insert rubbed against the cloth.  i sewed it, but it frayed again, and eventually the handle became unuseable. although it looks like it should be durable, it isn't as durable as it should be for the price.  it'll probably be fine if you don't tend to carry heavy fruits, vegetables, and a heavy entree that might be high in water content and therefore have weight to it.  but if you want a durable lunchbox that will last, unfortunately, this isn't it.
Warning to all who are considering purchasing this quite attractive necklace.  IT IS NOT A TEETHING NECKLACE.  This necklace is not suitable for teething.  I received this item as a gift and here is the actual fine print on the product packaging: Reminder: We use small beads that present a choking hazard to small children.  We test our beads, but they are not suitable for teething or chewing.  Mommy Necklaces are intended for adult use and wear only.  So, as any mom with a teething baby knows, if it is around your neck, the baby is going to put this in their mouth.  Consider an actual teething necklace made with food-grade silicone beads (instead of these acrylic beads) instead.  Unless of course you just want a pretty necklace and aren't concerned about your child choking on the beads.
this was so tiny! you might fit a hot wheels car in the pocket.  i thought this was the same size as a seat pet, boy was i wrong. probably my fault for not checking the specs closer.
this is not a body pillow‚Ä?i highly recommend the full size leachco.  this was not very useful to me as it didn't offer me the support or comfort that the full size pillow does----which is all around comfort.  this one may be convenient for naps on the sofa but def not for a long slumber.  the pattern is much nicer on the mini than the large.
great sippy that doesn't leak.  most sippy cups leak, this one doesn't.  i like nuk and the lids are interchangeable.  plus, it's a training cup.
it falls apart when my boy trys to use it and it is not well made its i would tell people not to buy it
i was a bit skeptical trying these, but decided to go for it and didn't regret a bit. first, the negative: just like most reviews state, the \\hole\\ is smaller than genie brand. i don't understand why they did it, but it makes it a bit more inconvenient to use. however, it doesn't diminish its functionality and is really not a big deal once you get used to it.<br /><br />the positives:<br />1. the film is thinner than genie but i have yet to have one rip on me. this is probably how they fit more film in one roll, but it works great.<br />2. they seem to be holding the smell better, which is a major plus for me. no matter what the marketing says about these genies, they stink! these bags make the difference!<br />3. price - not much to say here. they are cheaper, not by much, but you get better value for less money.
The nipple is way too big and my breastfed baby was unable to suck on it. Also the nipple was very hard.
Sent me the wrong product. I ordered blue pacifiers for my son and received pink ones. Still sitting in box on my table.
this gate cannot be closed with one hand and isn't that easy to open either.  it is also very loud when opening and closing--lots of clanking and banging.  wish there was something better out there but this was really all i could find when it came to top-of-the-stairs gates.
when i chose to purchase a toy with a giant suction cup on it, it was because i wanted that toy to stay put wherever i suctioned it.  this is removable from the suction cup so easily that my 8 month old tore it right out and tossed it to the floor.  she can also remove the suction cup.  not impressed.
i think this mat is adorable.  however, the truck cutouts are not one piece, and fall out easily if you are lifting or moving the mat.  my very active 6 month old has also discovered that he can pull the pieces apart, which tends to make a mess, and defeat the purpose of sitting him on the mat.  he ends up sitting on the floor (because he has the scoot down pat) surrounded by bits of pieces of the mat.  i may end up buying the solid square mat.
great product. exactley what i wanted and recieved them early in the mail.my daughter loves this binkie and its hard to find the original product because playtex changed the product.
i have ordered a pack of muslin square cloth 2 months ago, and it was good enough. i have bought similar product more than 10 years ago in europe, so i knew what to expect.<br />but this time i received a pack of 10 squares of flimsy material that is more like cheesecloth - rather rough than soft, with ugly seams on sides. unfortunately, i have washed them before i had a chance to look closer. otherwise, i would definitely send them back. such a disappointment!
i very rarely write negative reviews, but this product warrants it.  i was sadly disappointing with the american baby company percale set in primary.  when i received the set, i noticed loose threads and exposed folded over corners on the colored squares of the comforter.  i expected a much better quality product for the price.  also, the color is neither as described or as pictured.  what appears to be a mainly greyish blue comforter turned out to be more like a cheaply done fake denim material.  the blue stripes on the top sheet were pale blue which did not match the comforter blues or the fitted sheet, which was described as \\navy\\ and was actually royal blue.  i sent the set back (amazon took care of the shipping and refund with no problems) and am making a quilt for my son's new \\big boy\\ room.  if you are looking for a fake denim looking comforter with somewhat badly sewn on squares, this would be good, but otherwise, be a bit wary.
Worked very well!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Now I carry her everywhere with me thanks to this extension. I have hands free now! Yay
i hate and regret my snuza monitor. what a waste of money.  i bought it jan 2013, and it broke after 8 months. replacing it has been more trouble than then stupid thing is worth. it took two months for a replacement to arrive and they sent the wrong voltage unit! two months with a broken one, and then one that wont work in america. and they are making me pay to ship the faulty unit back. you have got to be effing kidding. run for the hills and get anything else but this. its too late for me to return it, but save yourself the terrible customer support and their attitude of \\our unit broke through no fault of your own, and i know it already cost 200... so how about you pay more to ship it back to fix our mistake.\\<br /><br />one star is too generous
the spoon itself is nice but weights approx half an unce only...this should have been mentioned in product description...pls improve it!
pros:  drop dead easy to set up, scalable.<br />cons:microphone is not very sensitive.  if you want to hear your baby cry in the night, they'll need pretty good lungs.  moreover, i tried to tie three other cameras into the system, which worked great.  but the ability to configure the cameras is much less than advertised, and the ability to tie this camera into the internet for storing recorded video and accessing the video by the internet is much less than advertised.<br />i tried to find directions on their website, but they don't maintain a forum (?!) for cust. support, and the email support was no help.
sticks out to far and to flimsy to hold the hand held shower head.  the clamp that holds the arm of the shower held twists and let it fall out!
it is cute and affordable but it doesn't fit our standard size spout. it is too big, but it might be helped by adding some extra padding layer to the spout. we shall see...
they catch food but are not water proof.  which is fine with me.  they do what i need them to do.
i bought this because my son has acid reflux and needs to thicken his formula with some rice cereal at his night time feeding.  the nipple does allow the cereal to go through, but the bottle leaks.  i tried to put the nipple on a different bottle, but it didn't work.  i guess you need the disc for it to push through.  it's ok if you don't want to ruin all your bottle nipples by pricking holes in them and we only use it for one feeding so we make do, but if there were something else available to buy instead, i would.
these were awfully fussy to apply; lots of little &#34;stems&#34; and &#34;flowers&#34;.  they looked okay when finished, but i wasn't thrilled so i went to remove them and half of them tore.  no impressed.
i only gave this a 1 start because the description they give you is false.  it only fits the original co-sleeper and i bought this canopy for our mini co-sleeper.  they should change this description as it is very misleading.  the pack slip i received also states different \\this is for the original model co-sleeper only.  does not fit any other models.\\
i don't even think they used the right material to stick to walls. i have other decals and they went on fine, so it's not a user error. it was up about 10 min before it just peeled off the wall and fell on the floor. don't waste your money. it's just a cheap sticker.
love it, works as a hamper or for toys and a lot bigger than expected, this is well worth purchasing!!!!
this product is no longer available because the company decided to stop making it.  i have looked high and low and have even contacted philips about this.  i am beyond pissed because i loved the cup with the single removable handle that had the open spout.  that was the perfect cup for my 3 & 4 year old children because we spend a lot of time out of doors. now the sell this small cup with two handles that are permanently attached and a spout that has three holes poked in it.  not appropriate for even an 18 month old if you ask me.<br /><br />does anyone know of a sippy cup for 3-4 year olds that are worthy??
i have a number of avent pacifiers and my husband is always losing the covers of those pacifiers.  when i saw these, i thought they would be great.  they are a great concept except for one detail: the plastic of the covers is quite hard and leaves a mark on the baby's face.  my son doesn't seem to mind, as he happily takes this pacifier (or any other one i give him, he's quite the laid back baby), but i feel bad when i take it away and see the red marks around his mouth.  i love that if i drop this it snaps shut (it has to be dropped on a hard surface for it to snap shut; if you drop it on a soft surface it stays open), and that there is no danger of losing the cover.  but i tend to rarely use these because of the marks that they leave.  perhaps if the tips of the covers were made of silicone, it might not leave as much of a mark on the face.
this crib was defective. it was assembled incorrectly by the manufacture. zero customer service support. finally on the second day of attempting to set this up, we figured out that one of the hinges was screwed in on the wrong side which is why we couldn't assemble it. this part was mounted by the manufacturer, it wasn't our error.<br /><br />we had to unscrew their mistake, drill holes on the other side where it should have been mounted, then we screwed the hinge there, and finally, it worked. assembly complete. but it was frustrating and time-consuming process. i should have sent it back, but needed it for a visit, and i was stubborn to figure out why we couldn't get the darn thing to work.<br /><br />at the price (we paid over $100), forget about this crib. i was kicking myself for buying an expensive crib thinking it would translate to quality. i was wrong.
i thought about two stars as my son really loves these, but i hate them. they don't hold enough for a hungry 18 month old. when i try to fill them to capacity, a tablespoon of whatever i put it squeezes out when i go to close the zip seal. they do seal well- too well in fact. i ended up ripping one trying to get it open after only 2 uses. what's the point in &#34;reusable&#34; if that means only 2 or 3 times? i don't have a dishwasher and i'm not sure these really get clean in the corners especially if you fill it with a dairy based smoothie. i'll use the rest until they rip or seem kinda gross and then i'm looking for another option.
this is an awesome machine i would recommend it for everyone especially tech savvy people. i could not get it set up on my own but i emailed customer service and they quickly sent me with a technician that shared my screen on my laptop and walked me through every step and basically set it up for me over screen sharing it was great!!<br /><br />just know that if you want to use this camera on another router (if you travel and want to set it up at the new location) you will need to go through the steps again. so i will only keep it in one place at home no need to go through all that.<br /><br />wonderful product :)
I was really disappointed, because in the picture are bottles and the name of product are pacifier, when I bought, I did not notice the name, but only in photo.<br />I would like know why is this so?<br />Tks
i purchased two britax b-agile strollers for my baby and my sister's baby before she travels out of the town, the one i purchased is in red, the color is not as bright as pictures showed, i was ok with it; but on the day when she was going to leave, i opened the box, and got the brand new stroller out, the stroller lift to fold area was not working right. i have to push the button on the side, and wiggle the &#34;lift to fold&#34; string around. it was very stressful for her since she is traveling with a baby and two big suitcases. i couldn't return the stroller since she has to use it. we didn't expect this kind thing happen at all since britax is specifically advertised the easy lift to fold function. i have to say, qc department might have not inspected it 100%.<br />also, this stroller is definitely has some weight. don't expect it would be as light as umbrella stroller. if you want a light travelling stroller, umbrella stroller might be a better choice.
i went out of my way to register for the boutique versions of a&a's towels as the sets sold at buy buy baby are very thin.  my daughter is now 5 weeks old and i am highly disappointed with these towels.  they leave white fuzz all over my baby!  they are not as thick as i would like them to be although the size and thickness is acceptable.  the only positive is that i do love the washcloths.  we ordered a bunch of these in hide & sea and la mer.  they are so cute that i am sad to have to move on to another towel, especially considering how much was spent on them.  i plan on buying regular towels for baby to use since the towels the grown ups in the house use are thicker, softer and do not shed.  love their blankets but their towels are a huge miss!
while i have asked questions pertinent to making this cup work in our house, i find myself more often than not wanting to throw it against a wall as it leaks incessantly, and pretty much are guaranteed instantaneously to start leaking as soon as the lid is on, it leaks form all sides as there doesnt appear to be a proper seal on the screw top and out of the straw. i have tried all the tips and tricks and with zero success on bettering this cup. however i have in fact come across a cup called \\simba\\ same straw technology better price point and that doesn't spill or leak from anywhere there straw and screw top lid are designed slightly different and with that comes a wonderful user friendly cup that i have nothign but positive things to say about :-) so for all of you who find frustrations with this cup please look at ordering a simba, its great!!
today's cloth diapers are nothing like the diapers i bought 40 years ago which went through 3 children and still were good.  these are thin enough to see through!  i guess i should have known when they were advertised for car washing.  however, i did get what i paid for and i knew the quality when i purchased them.  i folded them in half and made burp cloths.
i chose two stars, as there is a seam that runs right through the middle of the sheet lengthwise.  unfortunately, these were the only sheets that  i could find that would fit this bassinet.
i was not paying attention to what i was ordering this product. the baltic amber was exactly as described but i soon realized that it was not exactly what i was looking for.
i use it for 1 month and it broke inside and on the outside for just 1 month of usage
i have triplet daughters and thus bought three of these summer infant high chairs.  with a ph.d. in mechanical engineering not to mention lots of experience assembling baby products, i thought it would be a fairly simple task to assemble the high chairs.  i was wrong.  if you buy one of these, be prepared for 1-2 hours of work depending on how poor your luck is with the parts in the box.  my first and second high chairs assembled in about 1.25 hours each.  they are a bit flimsy and rickety compared to my experience to date with a graco high chair (also wood) used by my older son.  you would expect that having assembled two, the third high chair would be a snap to build.  but contrary to such an assumption, the third high chair needed to be assembled minus one screw that simply could not be assembled no matter how hard i worked at it.  i must have wasted at least half an hour undoing and redoing the assembly trying to make that screw align and thread, and then i gave up.  i also managed to strip the hex head on another screw so there was no way to further tighten it.  you'll find that you need to be a contortionist in order to perform the assembly steps.  the hex keys are used to tighten screws in very tight spaces, such that the hex keys can't be turned a full 360 degrees at a time.  that makes the assembly process very slow.  it is hard to see many of the alignment holes, and i found myself holding a flashlight trying to peer in the small gaps between parts to see why screws would not align with holes.  in sum, the design is nowhere close to what a mechanical engineer would consider \\elegant.\\<br /><br />finally, a word about the color.  the picture on amazon shows a light brown stain.  that matches my kitchen decor.  however, the product description lists the color as espresso (not what my wife had in mind).  checking on summer infant's web site, i discovered a picture of the high chair with a much darker brown finish close to black.  i wondered whether that was \\espresso\\ and whether another color was available.  trying to resolve this issue, i called summer infant's customer service number to find out whether \\espresso\\ corresponds to the summer infant web site picture or the amazon picture.  after waiting a long time, i talked to a very nice representative who confirmed with the product team that the amazon picture was the accurate one and said that they would change the picture on summer infant's web site.  lo and behold, however, three high chairs arrived at my doorstep and none match my kitchen.  the color in fact does correspond to a dark brown finish, not the lighter one shown in the amazon picture.  nevertheless, i have four children including three infants and one toddler, and no extra time on my hands to return three huge boxes to amazon and start over.  my wife was not pleased.  so i'll now look at three high chairs for years to come that don't match the kitchen.<br /><br />in sum, the buying and assembling experiences were a disappointment.  i would rate the high chairs -- once assembled -- as just average (and the assembly process was maddening).  given the option, i would have ordered three more graco wood high chairs just like the one my toddler uses.  unfortunately, that incredibly solid, sturdy, attractive high chair was recalled and is no longer sold by graco.  lovely.
i did not recieve what i thought i was getting!!!! the main image is what i wanted but what i got was the smaller image!!! the larger on is a better quality product while the smaller image is some bad piece of what should be called garbage!!! they both broke after 1 use and it was ridiculous
Very happy, my baby too.Forget all the fancy ones,this ones are the best.Thank u Amazon for having them for us.
They were both pink pacifiers.  The babies are twin boys.  Of course, we wanted blue, green or a neutral color.
it looks beautiful and was super easy to assemble. but during the first 2 weeks of use one of the &#34;springs&#34; popped out of place and neither one of us is strong enough to stretch it to get it back in the hole. (i'm 5'4&#34; and 125 lbs with an 8 lb baby...theres no way we should be popping springs in anything.) and there is one joint in the glider that now squeaks like crazy. both issues were in the part that came pre-assbled. i wish i would have purchased this at a local store, because i would have brought it back.
It is a great idea and works perfectly. My baby takes medicine better with this pacifier. There is one thing that I do not like, the hole on the bottom of the pacifier (through which the babies suck the medicine out) is a little bit too big, it is too easy to be choked by the liquid.
while preparing for my first plane flight with my 6-month-old son, i was understandably a little nervous about being able to contain him on the flight. i was going to be flying by myself with him in my lap. oh yeah, and searching \\lap sitting baby\\ of course turns up dozens of results about babies flying out of their mothers' arms during turbulence and all sorts of other great things you want to hear before flying. a little internet searching led me to this product, which seemed like it would allay all of my fears -- something to provide some extra insurance during the flight!<br /><br />the product is very well made -- sturdy buckles, strong velcro, good material -- and i had no problem getting the infant size onto my son. even though the package says it's only supposed to be for cruising, none of the flight attendants said anything when i buckled him in before take-off. and it did what it was meant to do -- as long as he was asleep. that lasted about an hour into my 3.5 hour flight. the rest of the time, my squirmy little guy constantly wanted to stand up, then sit, then stand again, be turned around, etc., all of which necessitated that i unbuckle him from me (the strap that you put your seat belt through wasn't long enough to let him stand all the way while strapped to me). this essentially rendered the product useless for the rest of the flight. i didn't even bother with it for the return flight.<br /><br />so, if you have a baby who isn't very squirmy and/or will probably sleep throughout the whole flight, this will be great for you. if your baby is a squirmy wormy like mine, you should probably pass. it's too bad, too, because i still think this is such a great idea!
so i'm an avid reader of the reviews for the products and i tend to take each one with a level of critical thinking. my wife had these bags when she got her breast pump so we decided to just buy the same ones instead of going with a different brand (even with the amount of reviews that say it leaks). well, she just did 5 bags and of the 5 bags, 3 of the bags leaked. i don't know about you but my wife takes breast milk very serious. she was very angry that the bags leaked and wasted her precious &#34;gold&#34;. of course i'm joking a little about her expression but when you have a crying baby that you need to feed and you are wasting your baby's food...it's not a joking matter. i don't know if we just got a bad batch but we had to rush and buy some from the store and so far the nuk brand is holding up after her using  7 bags. she doesn't have the convenience of attaching the bag to her pump with the attachment but the satisfaction of knowing the bags aren't going to leak is worth the extra step. good luck in your shopping! i'll update this if we have issues with the other brand.
the product itself is easy to assemble and the quality is good, but my 7 month old only liked it the first couple of times he used it. he would get himself stuck against something and not understand how to get out. the back wheels are fixed, and he had trouble pedaling straight backwards. after a couple of uses he would just start crying if i went to put him in it.<br /><br />i was hesitant to purchase, because i don't like a lot of large toys laying around the house unless they are worth the space, and i probably should have gone with my instinct and not purchased this. i would recommend the baby einstein musical motion activity jumper (or a doorway jumper) instead if you are looking for something to put your baby in.
i would not say it doesn't fits the britax b ready stroller, but its tricky..there is only one spot for it to fit and is right at the bottom almost close to the basket. and you don't need the extra arm piece. with that said this product is cheaply made and mine came clearly used when that is not what i ordered....it was put together already and backwards. it seems like this could break easy. but i am gonna try it. also there was no real instructions.
great design, nice modern look. fairly comfy item overall.  but be aware that once the baby is able to stand and is taller than 25 inches there is a very real issue of the baby leaning over and falling out of this. do not leave baby unattended!!
i know the whole point of these is to be tight, but they left pretty severe indents on my daughter.  probably won't use them again.
I swear by these...I feel like they breathe better...less plastic around his mouth. The come with a box for steam sanitizing in the microwave.
bought this because i love green sprouts products, but am not super thrilled with this.  doesn't stay frozen for very long -- 2 hours tops in hot weather.
this has been great. we use the ice pack for teething and also for bruises/bumps. it makes the teether that much easier to find, plus the penguin is super cute. love that it's gender neutral too so if you have a boy and then pass down to a girl, it works for both genders. also- it's bpa free which is a huge relief because i am very picky about what plastics i let my daughter play with
wanted something for my 4 week old to fit in bc he just wants to be carried all the time. this is not the product for it. he disappears into and it does not support any part of his body. i'm so disappointed because i wanted to like it and use it. not worth the money whatsoever and will be returning it for a refund.
like to product but its not like a real sippy cup where if they throw it on the ground it doesn't leak water out the top. children don't have to squeeze down or suck on the spout to make the water come out.. comes out by itself.
bought this pump and found that it works great, noise is minimum and pumps 5ozs in about 8mins on low speed, for me this is a best buy
no timer no instructions just a temp knob you have to wing it and it takes too long with twins we need a warm that can heat up faster we returned it.
bought a bumbo for my daughter because she loves to sit up. she likes sitting in it for maybe 5 minutes before she starts getting fussy. it's pretty easy to get her in the seat, but her thick legs make it difficult to get her out. also, as others have mentioned, the seat belt is useless. i finally removed the buckle portion, since that piece always ended up falling under her butt when i put her in.
when i ordered this product it stated it was for all city &#34;series&#34; strollers. it is not! it does not work on the city mini! there were also pictures of the city mini being used with this adapter, which were inaccurate. when i called the company to exchange it for the correct one i spoke to a very very rude lady who refused to help me in any way! after writing a letter of complaint to the head of the company i was allowed to return the product for a refund, but i was forced to pay $14 in shipping that i did not get back! the company refused to refund me the shipping cost! horrible customer service! no one there cares to help you with issues they cause! i am still out of pocket $14 and had to buy the product i needed elsewhere! very upsetting!
rinsing the double gussets in this diaper is hell. because they are 3 different fabrics for the main part and the gussets poop gets underneath and it takes 3 times as long. also the double pul layer gets moist because of the stitching. i bought 2 and regret it.
This is just a cute but cheap toy. It barely squeaks at all. Not quite as rigid as i thought it would be.
I gambled and won because I have a girl and got pink pacis.  I probably wouldn't have cared too much if I got blue, but if you care about the color, you'd better go pick them out at the store.
My baby loves her medicine in this pacifier. However, the device is a pain to use. It is very hard to close once you have opened it to clean it, because the nipple does not fit very well to the base.
We appreciate how small these are and that there isn't a huge protruding handle on the outside so when he rolls over on his side or belly it isn't jarring. Baby is happy with them. When they fall out of his mouth to the floor the weight of the little knob is such that it usually hits the floor instead of the pacifier itself - clever deign feature.
I loved this pacifier and concept, then the opening cracked after 3 weeks of use.  The nipple material is pretty stiff and I guess that contributed to the cracking.  BUT, before that it was fabulous.  Better than the Numimed by far.  Love being able to push/blow the medicine down when it got stuck in the back.  Hole was small enough so that the medication didn't leak out.  Back snapped closed and open without too much trouble.  Reservoir was a nice size - not too big, not too small.  Great concept, but save your money.  We have just taken to filling a small nipple with the medication and  it works great.
I received pink - we have a boy. You don't get to choose which I guess I should have read.
just used this once when checking out the hospital with our maxi cosy car seat. after 2 weeks, we tried to use it again but the baby felt irritated because the fabric is not breathable too
great versatile seat but my 16 months old who moves around a lot almost fell out. don't leave your kid unattended in it not even for a second.
i gave this chair to my daughter at her baby shower.  it sat in the nursery at her home until 5 weeks ago when she delivered, so has not been used very often.  2 weeks ago her husband was sitting in it with the baby and the whole back snapped off!  luckily, he was able to hold onto the baby and neither were injured.  my husband took a look at the chair and found that the screws that came with it were entirely too short.  he replaced them with some longer ones and we thought the problem had been resolved.  this past weekend a girlfriend of my daughter's was gliding in chair with the baby and one of the arms came loose and part of the gliding mechanism came apart.  this chair should definitely be recalled!  i would like a full refund as well.  including shipping!  one last thing.....when the chair arrived back in april, it came in a box that looked like it had been pieced together.  very tacky!  please give this matter your immediate attention.  linda egley
i like it because you can slide the stainless cup out and use it just as a glass also...but way too pricey. i can go to target and get a stainless steel thermos cup with straw for $13.  just saying....  after having 2 of these cups for months,  the tabs have broken on both cups 1 on each.  makes a secure closure impossible.  but i do use the inside stainless steel cup just as a cp and not a sippy anymore.
we have been using this wipe warmer for about three months now and the lid is driving me crazy.  the warmer warms the wipes nicely and the night light is a nice feature.  if the lid would stay latched, i would give it five stars.  when we first started using it, the lid stayed latched, but for some reason it just doesn't any longer and it shouldn't be worn out after three months.  about to toss this one and find another with a better lid.
it is very difficult to open. however, it is very easy to break.<br />it is much easier to break than to open. all i had to do was twist it, and i'm not a very strong person.<br />they also only fit one cupboard in the house. they did not open far enough to put on the handles 5 1/2 inches apart, and did not close enough to lock the handles 2 1/2 inches apart. this is not a very big range.<br />so four strikes against, and the only positive is it is a bit more attractive than other options, which is pretty inconsequential when stacked against usability, and child's saftey.
My baby was only liking a certain large bulb pacifier and these didn't show exactly how large they were, so I took a chance on them anyway. They're of course too small. Cute designs, but didn't work for us.
They were the exact pacifiers that my granddaugher loves and I have a hard time finding them in stores.  However I'm not sure if I missed something on the page when ordering, but they were smaller than normal.  I did not realize I had ordered a smaller size than what I needed. Never saw a size selection.
this mirror moves, and it is very annoying to constantly have to adjust it. i do like the size of it but that is about it.
stick with a&d ointment. i think if this had more zinc to dry the skin out quicker it would be good. or if it was thicker and did not come off so quickly. then it would be worth buying. but until they make the improvements i would have to stay that the old saying, &#34;there is nothing new under the sun.&#34; remains true in this case.
the screens are too big for my side windows and i cannot get the suction cups to hold properly.  i will try again in our new vehicle, but not holding my breathe!
the manufacturer had to change the design of this....the crib mattress no longer goes all the way up to make a changing table!
your little one doesn't really need these. they are difficult to put on and fall off quite easily when he/she moves around.  save your money and just get sleep sacs with flip over sleeves or extra long sleeves.
well engineered product but you have to be aware that it is difficult to use this without sufficient space between you and the stroller. with the child in the seat their face is inappropriately located to close to your body and it is hard to reach the grips of the stroller.
the reverse side of this blanket is the same material as the trim--the silky/slippery stuff.  i was assuming that was just the trim, and the other side of the blanket would be soft and cozy.  that trim material is not \\cozy.\\  i guess i just consider that material cheap, and therefore i would rate this not worth the price.  for this price, i would expect more.  i can't return it--my older daughter opened it and ripped all the tags off--but i would if i could.
we used this monitor for 2 months and the handheld unit died.  won't charge or turn on and of course this happened at 9pm on a sunday night.  amazon has an awesome return policy, so i expect to get my money back for this purchase.  i had to get a new monitor at the last minute (unfortunately, not from amazon), and i upgraded to a new model from summer's infant, model: 28810.  i must say, after one night's usage, the picture quality on the new monitor is light years better then this model.  sound quality is much better as well.  although, i did just read some very negative reviews on model: 28810 on amazon.  fingers crossed.
i have a hot headed kid, and he sweats in the summer with these sheets even though the temp in his room is 77 f. it s soft and comfy but also a bit small for his standard crib mattress, which i've never come across with other sheets. the seams sort of ride up on the sides and do not line up flush with the edges of the mattress. good value anyway though.
i wanted a basket to use for creating a 50th birthday gift basket for my mom and this basket fit the bill, especially for the price. you get what you pay for though, and the basket is lightweight and cheap. the wicker feels plasticky and if you catch anything on any of the pointy bits, they're going to snap. however, it did hold all of the gifts and we were able to transport from point a to point b, so for that i say, the basket is okay. any heavier usage, and it may not withstand such use/abuse.
nice idea but poor design. my baby's head slips down through the holes on the left and right sides of the net. not cool.
Easy to clean. Easy to use. The quality of this product was above my expectations. And the most important thing: my baby likes it.
got some of these. they do not work as soon as the child figured them out mine at 20 months now finds the outlets incredibly fascinating and delights in taking them out and plugging them in. safety 1st puts in things that will work with an infant until there smart enough to figure them out. no challenge for my little boy all he has to do is pincer motion on the outside and it's out. also the prongs dent/permanently bend very easily, not durable for long.
information in amazon's listing is incorrect.  this is rare in my years of amazon shopping.  listing states size as 34.2 x 17.7 x 26.3 inches.  26.3 obviously a mistake - i expected 2.6 inches but product is about 1 inch.  it is also shorter and more narrow than stated.  that makes it useless for the purpose i purchased for it as it it too short and too narrow for out bassinet.  and too thin.  so one star and )-:d.  it might have limited use as a temporary surface to avoid placing the baby on the floor or on the ground - let's see about that.  found and ordered another bassinet pad.  (-:d
you get what you pay for. the fan is a bit louder than i hoped it would be and the batteries don't last very long.
just splatters water everywhere. no directional ability. maybe ok for little kids if you keep the water pressure low v
just reiterating what other reviewers said...the penguin lid does not stay on, the silicone snack catcher is way too hard to push fingers through, and snacks do not come out easily.
why is this called an ice ring if you are not meant to stick it in the freezer. that is the first thing i did. it burst.
after doing months of research, my husband and i finally decided to purchase the withings monitor system because it had everything we wanted: two-way communication, music, and (most importantly) wi-fi capable so we can could see our child when we're outside of the home. while our child hasn't been born yet, we've played with the system & works just as described.<br /><br />we are disappointed in the purchase because amazon llc said it was a &#34;new&#34; item, but when we opened the box there were no directions included (which we simply thought was a mistake, so we looked them up on the manufacturer's website) and someone else's information was always imputed into the system. it had someone else's child's name, their date of birth, email address, wi-fi info, etc. i immediately deleted all of their information just in case they could still be connected to the system. very disappointed that it was not actually new but was already used. we would have returned it, but we're less than a week away from our due date and don't want to take any chances of not having one when our daughter is born.
i definitely recommend buying this teether.  it is a good size for those little baby hands.  unique design allowing an easy hold.<br /><br />the only reason i gave it 4 starts instead of 5 is the price.  couple of bucks cheaper and i would have given it a 5.
i like graco, it's a trusted brand and has a lot of compatible equipment. i got this car seat for my baby shower and when i had the chp check out my installation (everyone should, its free. 9 our of 10 carseats are not installed correctly or being used properly) they pointed out that the seat belt straps adjustments is only located in the back. having them only in the back makes it difficult to adjust and just a general pain because you are supposed to loosen and tighten the straps every time you take your child in and out. i ended up returning the carseat (no hassle) and getting the snugride classic oasis model that has the adjustments both in the front and back. it's $10 extra and it will make it a lot easier to adjust.
these are too small and not very soft, even with many washings. cute designs but not practical enough. very disappointed.
i received this as a baby shower gift, and was quite excited after reading all the great reviews. around the time lo was 3 months old, i thought i would give it a try. i searched some videos on youtube and read the instruction manual because i wanted to make sure i inserted lo properly. lo did not have very good neck strength yet, so i used the infant insert. i found the infant insert to be very awkward and it was very hard for me to position baby comfortably to where she wouldn't be slouching or crooked. i gave up on the infant insert after trying to use it a handful of times. i'm going to wait until lo is bigger so that i can use just the ergo baby carrier without the infant insert.
i got pink foot. and my lo is good with it. he doesn't have problem to grab it. i guess i can say my lo satisfied with this purchase :)
it's very safe and nice my son enjoy this walker, it is very safe, we can live him right all over the house, i have steps from to room is almost 1 feet high every time he drives there the breaks stop hem, very safe.
i think when transport it's has scratch before come to me, i disappointment about that. it's not good for me, i want return back but i have no time.
this is very poorly constructed stroller and its center of gravity is on the backside and it tends to fall to back.  even if you don't hang anything, it will just fall.  if you hang anything then sure it will fall.  it is very dangerous because your child will fall behind and in fact, that is what happened to my child.  i am getting rid of this stroller today.<br />very dangerous stroller unsafe totally.  i am so regretting that i bought this.
without fail, every time we put our son in these, he leaks through. i always thought perhaps we pushed it, but yesterday i did a test. each time the diaper leaked after 10 minutes of being on. they soaked his clothes and our bed sheets. wonderful bonus (not!) for an exhausted mother of a newborn! waste of a diaper.
i got this with 1 pair free for my 1month old baby one wash and lints are standing out sometimes goes into my baby's eyes.i would say i just get what i paid for,it's only 9.00 so wat would i expect.
these seem made well and they are very soft but they are sooo thick and heavy that i don't even want my son to wear them. i would imagine that they trap more heat than even a diaper. in fact i have been happier with much less expensive training pants that i have purchased. save your money unless you live in a very cool climate.
my baby loved some other sassy-books, but this one he doesn't look at.<br />don't know why. maybe he is too old with 6 months.<br />but nice the one which is a photo-album... put mommy and daddy inside....
hard to find in local store, had to buy online. very sturdy gate for dogs(20-18 lbs). i'm planning in buying another one to use when i go camping (rv).
impossible to clean the straw. we used it for milk, and it molded. the second one we bought was used as a water cup and it was great!
that's about all i can say about it. my 12 mo. old son is more interested in the handle as a teether than the flash cards. he might become more interested later.
my daughter could not get this to work.  i tried it and it did not have a big enough hole in it.  great idea, just not a great product.
my 8 month old almost fell out of the seat after leaning sideways while strapped in.  this product does not provide sufficient lateral restraint to keep a child safe and secure.
i was given one as a gift. after using it for about 4 or 5 months, the plug connection in the back of the warmer rusted. a week after i discovered the problem, the plug stopped charging. i filled out a warranty from and send in the request for a replacement over 2 months ago now. i have not heard from prince lion.
these made good christmas gifts for the extra people on my christmas gift  list. they are fun enough to justify the desk space they end up occupying!
i purchased this item at wal mart, and afterwards discovered that the tag with washing instructions that you would normally find inside or on a separate piece of paper was nowhere to be found. i washed it cool/cold and when i took it out of the wash machine, a large part of the graphic had peeled off. other than that, the design both inside and out is very nice.
doesn't stay in baby's mouth, doesn't keep cold after taking it out of the freezer to help soothe gums, doesn't work and baby didn't like it.
i bought this for my nephew for the zoo and some other public events and it definately got put to good use!
it pulls right off of the door handles. worst buy ever. it couldn't keep out a cat if it wanted too. i had high hopes.
easy to clean, small and compact.  easy for my small 2 year old to sit on it.  only 2 pieces to keep clean
first off, i love my bugaboo cameleon 3 and their parts are great except for my infant car seat adapter.  i have the maxi cosi mico and i can install and click in place on my stroller but forget out about removing it to connect to the maxi cosi case seat base.  removing the adapter is near impossible, car seat gets stuck and you literally have to remove the car seat with the adapter in tact, flip the car seat upside down, unlock and yank hard upwards to remove it since the 2 plastics fit so tight between maxi cosi and bugaboo.  instructions were easy, just bad design somewhere between these 2 companies or if you're using the latest model from both.<br /><br />bottom line, if you have strong arms, then no worries but there's no way i can remove the car seat from the bugaboo and into the car base without significant tug and pull.  don't do it with the child in it.<br /><br />disappointed but will keep the bugaboo :)
i though this would be a good alternative as we were saving for an ergo or other ssc but i hate this carrier all the way around.<br />1) i'm a plus size mommy and the waist belt barely fit around me. it was very uncomfortable.<br />2) this product is not weight safety tested!!<br />3) the straps pinched my &#34;side-boob&#34; something awful. also nearly impossible to nurse in if you have boobs bigger than a b-cup.<br />4) treads were coming apart as soon as i took it out of the package<br />5) while, i realize this was a less than $20 carrier, it is really not worth it!!<br />6) i wanted to return it as soon as i realized it did not fit me...return shipping was nearly as much as i paid for the carrier to begin with!!<br /><br />save your money...if you really want an ergo, save for an ergo!! if you want something in the same price range, check out the infantion union or mei tai...
this product is great note 100 i loved this purchase and recommend everyone do not go up arepender the quaidade and spectacular.i loved that car here in brazil all appreciate
i thought this toy it was better like other toys of lamaze,  but no, this one i did not like.
baby loves it.  too small for my toddler's helmet head, but perfect fr the nine month old.<br />my frost time buying this type of product and t was well worth the money.
great control flow for newborns. easy to clean and no leaks. my son loves his breast flow bottles. i highly recommend.
comfortable, looks good, light weight allows chair to slide backwards when rocking which can cause the chair to hit the wall or whatever is behind it, bearing assemblies wont stay tight causing bumpy glide and will probably cause premature failure , requires special thin open-end wrench to tighten the bearing assemblies.  suitable for occasional use. unfortunately we purchased for every day use on a sun porch.
do not even waste your money on this carrier because it sucks. it's either very tight on the baby. not to mention the straps get all tangled and are complicated to figure out once you untangle them. we just threw this pos in the trash.
would recommend other washable manufacturers. the liner that ones with this is too thin therefore can't hold pees longer had ro change asap.
this is the first stroller i've ever bought and am pleased with it so far!<br />pros: high quality materials, travel system, turns into double, large storage, easy to push and control.<br />cons: heavy, bulky, difficult to open and close, faulty foot break. i've only had this stroller for 2 months and the foot break peddle is already giving me problems. sometimes it works and sometime it won't change from the break or release mode.<br />over all it's a pretty good stroller!
purchased it for thigh friction, but there seems to be something in it that irritates me. doesn't work for me.
my new great grandson love's it. the heart beat sound put him to sleep at night.<br />the mother thinks it is the best!!!!!!
this product makes intuitive sense to an older toddler/young child, as it lights up like a night light when it is bedtime, and the light goes out when it's time to wake up. we don't use the nap setting, but it has successfully kept our kiddo in bed until the light goes out at 7 am. the light glows a soft, soothing blue tone. the book was helpful in introducing the whole concept. we purchased this one, as the other sleep clocks seemed to be either cheaply made or battery-only.  it would be nice if there was a battery back up for power outages, but that is our only complaint.
my son is three and a half and we've been having a lot of trouble washing his hair for about the last year he can't stand water in his face or his ears. when we put the visor on backwards it keeps all the water with his face and ears and giving him a bath is now manageable. i didn't think the visor was going to fit good at first but it fits snug i have to put my hand on it a little just to reassure him that the water wont  push the visor down but i think it would stay on its own. i would recommend this 100 percent it was worth the $25 i spent for sure. i thought about getting those cheaper flimsy visors but i'm glad i did not waste my money on them. this one is made of good material and will last and was well , well worth the money spent! ten stars in my book!!!
so cute but cheaply made and very small. not terribly useful after the first week. we were hoping it could go in the crib for light coverage in a few months but they won't last or be big enough. very bummed. we thought they looked great online.
please save your money and buy a different pump. this pump came in a nice carrying case and had an attractive price tag. however, you get what you pay for... within a few minutes of trying to assemble the pump i quickly realized that the silicone sleeve did not fit the bottle top and therefore would not hold suction. after 20 minutes of trying to force the parts together i gave up. the product is cheap. the parts do not fit together and it is useless. go with a different brand. if i could give it zero stars i would.
i originally enjoyed this walker for my daughter because at the time she was not at the level she is now. my daughter is now 9 months and i can't seem to get this walker to adjust to her height. it only goes to 2 levels and my daughter is short. besides that issue, i still like this because it does keep her entertained and she enjoys the music that plays.
i don't like the mirror (it's not very clear/distorts images) and the toys on the mirror don't detach.  i think if my daughter could see herself better in it, it would interest her more.
This paci isn't bad - but hard to tell which way to put it in the mouth when lighting isn't great.
I love this product and would recommend this to everyone.  The price is so much less and comes in fast.  Our family loves this product and use it often!
i ordered this for a co-worker's baby shower. the co-worker is having a boy and the shower was race-car themed, so it seemed perfect. unfortunately, when the gift was unwrapped, the beanie and bib and shoes were all pink. it is not gender neutral and now i'm left embarrassed.
we loved, loved, loved this glider.  my daughter fell asleep in it immediately, then lost interest, then went right back to it.  i wanted one for myself.  it's been great.  unfortunately, after having it less than 3 months, the wiring for the music stopped working.  we tried batteries, ac plug, etc., but it's the wiring. (once the music came on randomly with lots of static, and then shut off again).  i called graco.  getting hold of anyone is a challenge because their hours are limited and then they were closed additional hours for staff training.  seriously?  this is a big company.  anywho, just reached someone.  they will send me a new motor - oops, it's out of stock and will take 4-6 weeks to get in.  ok, i say, can't you send me a new one?  yes, we can send you a prepaid fed ex envelope.  that will take 7-10 business days to get to me.  then, i box up the swing and use the label (fed ex ground) to send it back.  then, they will fed ex ground a new one to me.  let's be very generous and say this will take 24 days.  in a baby's life this is a long time.  these things have a limited life to them, so not having it for 24-42 days is ridiculous for a $120 or whatever item.  super disappointed in graco and certainly will make a difference when i am weighing the purchase of a graco item over another item.
this really helps me out in my shower. i am handicapped and i can now reach my water wand in the shower.
i have purchaed other advent products and had great experiences. but this was not the case with this product i'm uncertained if it's a manufactures defect because it leaks. my daughters always has spills on her blouse when ever she use it. i'm tring to wean her into cups so i thought this would be ideal but it's not effective.
My son loves these pacifiers - they are just pink with cherry's and other girly items. We are using them because we dont mind people thinking he is a girl from time to time but... just so you are aware (in case you care) the cute blue, white and yellow pacifiers you see in the picture may come to you in pink and purple. :D
purchased product to counter issue with electrical interference with old baby monitor.  works great, only negative is that it has very bright operating led lights.
it just doesn't stay on when a baby pulls a door. does't stick well. waist of money. had to through it way
this has to be one of the worst products i have ever dealt with. it crashes or wont load the vast majority (at least 80%) of the time, which is the last thing you want to happen when you are trying to check in on your child. save yourself the money and the aggravation and buy a different product. i feel that this product is so poorly designed that phillips should either have a recall or list it as a novelty item.
i wash these before i make burp cloths.  they were nubby out of the dryer.  i won't put them on a baby, or use them for burp cloths
this changing pad came with our davinci jayden, but it rips quite easily.  the pad itself isn't that bad, but it's expensive for what you get.  we replaced it with the [[asin:b0030inrf4 summer infant dresser table pad]].
I tried the soothie first since that's the one my baby had at the hospital and I had heard great things about it but my baby didn't like it at all. Then I went to the MAM and he took it the first time! I bought the newborn size at first and whwn he turned 6 weeks I bought the 0-6 months, but I have a big baby, weighed 8 lbs when born. So a smaller newborn would probably need the neqborn size longer. The only thing I didn't like is that there is no handle or anything so its hard to grab sometimes.
Liked it, have not used yet. Baby won't be here til September. But a great idea for baby and Mommy
The pic showed blue so I was expecting blue or neutral colors and pink pacifiers arrived. Great product just disappointed in the limitation in choosing colors.
i loved the reviews on this product and so i have even purchased this as a gift in the past. i wish i didn't. when my little guy got old enough to need a mat, i found the design awkward and the suction cups would not stick to our wood table. the food catcher is in the way of my baby eating. seems like a design flaw.
completely leaks around the legs! returned for refund. plastic is very thin and rubber pants fit very baggy all over.
i purchased a naturepedic bassinet pad and was disappointed to learn that the core of naturepedic bassinet pads are made of \\30% polyethylene foam\\ which they call \\air-core.\\ i thought they were only coated with polyethylene. i would much prefer a mattress or pad with a natural rubber core. the naturepedic representative said the naturepedic crib mattresses also contain this same polyethylene foam, although i'm not sure how much. i just do not feel comfortable putting my baby on their mattresses.
i was very disappointed in these bottles.  i was really wanting to get glass instead of plastic but the nipples cave in and my daughter was having a lot of gas issues when she used these bottles.  not worth the money.
Tried several others.  A friend recommended these.  This is the only pacifier my son would except when he was a newborn.
go to becoming mom and you can get the exact same thing for $30.00. i don't know why it is so expensive on here but  it is a great idea and i will use them but i will not spend that much money. i'm hoping it is just a typo but you never know.
cute, soft and cudly but alot smaller than what i thought it would be for the price. i ordered it online because my new grand-daughter's room is \\cupcake themed\\, but after seeing how small this blanket was once i received it, i would have been better off to keep looking for something at target or even walmart because i could have found something much bigger that would have been cheaper in price.
this would be great if you only wanted to put bottles or things of that size in it. but if you want to put little toys, pacifiers, etc in it, they would just get lost somewhere in the bottom. then dividers aren't sewn into, or connected to the bottom in any way. so small items just get lost in the bottom, and not stay in its own little pouch.
This is a must have for every medicine cabinet with a little one. It does two important things at once. Gives a temperature readout and they suck their medicine dose right out of the pacifier before they even taste it. Everyone needs one. Hope you never have to use it.
it's cute, but does not stick to the tub at all. thought this brand would be good, but after reading the reviews i should have stayed away.
battery died on the first one. i stupidly replaced it, mainly out of desperation since i needed one right away and couldn't find another battery or another thermometer. doesn't work. just keep getting error codes. very frustrating. now have $80 worth of thermometers and can't get an accurate temperature on a feverish baby. throwing out all three. suggestions on one that works?
it looks exactly as pictured and was delivered in satisfactory shape.  my baby is not born yet so i can only attest to its looks.
i absolutely love the pictures on this plate.  however, the new, non smooth surfaces on high chairs just don't seem to accept any of the suction products in the market these days.  we have tried a number of them and so far have not had much luck.<br /><br />sadly, the plate did break after a swift toss from our 1 year old. i won't buy another because while i love the images i just can't justify buying another knowing it breaks so easily.
this glider is very nice and i love the fabric and size (on the smaller side).  it is however a bit noisy as it glides.
i liked the concept of this toy, but my daughter didn't get it.  i tried to show her how to play with it, but because it was soft, she could pull shapes out of the wrong hole, etc.  i love lamaze toys, but this one was a little bit of a disappointment.
our baby is 90-th percentile both in height and weight. at 9 months she barely reaches the floor when placed in this walker. only her toes are in contact with the floor.<br />in addition, i've tried to order the \\splash\\ but somehow ended with \\birdland\\ pattern. i am pretty certain what i had clicked, both are on the same web page. most likely this is a bug in the web application, but just thinking what burden it is to return it - talk to amazon support, repackage, bring to ups office, etc. i gave up and decided to use it. this was before i assembled it and found out how high it is, i will definitely return it now.<br /><br />we had a walker with our first two kids which was very nice and usable, unfortunately we gave it away to friends. i've read multiple reviews of multiple walkers and they all seem to indicate the same thing - walkers are *too high*.
i know it says &#34;colors may very&#34;, but i was expecting at least some shade of pink for my daughter. i ended up with two blue sippy cups.... thanks a lot....
i love it! thank you:) it's exactly what i expected it to do. very very comfortable:) love it! love it!!
really excited about getting this blanket for my daughter ( we have the winnie the pooh blocks and soft ball and love these two items) but this one had some problems. when i opened the packaging i was immediately disappointed with size - it's about 11 inches long and 4 inches wide at the head - was hoping for something a little bigger to make it cuddle worthy. second issue, at the feet where the teethers are, the plastic was bent and had dents in it (marks that weren't supposed to be there). third issue, the threading keeping the plastic pieces on the feet was badly frayed. i did report the issues and was able to return the blanket for a refund - i may have just gotten a bad one but i didn't like the size so i opted for my money back. check the plastic and the threading before washing or giving to baby! i am giving 2 stars instead of one because it is cute looking and soft. for me, the issues outweighed those 2 positive factors.
what i got was just a throw, doesn't resemble the picture at all. no pillow, the picture on the throw isn't even the same. where's the set? sooooo disappointed, especially for the price. if your sending just a throw, say it's a throw, not a set that's not a set.
i bought this to protect my baby from the edges of my table, but it didn't stick! i had to remove it and toss it, for me it was a waste of money!
My cousin and his wife ended up using this product and absolutely love its ease and convenience. They like that it is small enough to easily fit in a diaper bag and is attractive enough to leave out on the kitchen countertop.
cool design, cute cup, seems sturdy, cleans well but leaks all the time...all the time. i had to throw it away. just stick with the cheap old standby of playtex sippy cups.
i wasn't sure i needed a video monitor, but went ahead and purchased this one anyway.  it might be one of the best baby purchases we made.  i've been using it for about 4 months and it's been fantastic.  good range, good sound and picture quality.  no complaints.  for the price it's a no brainer!
we never get any smell and we keep it just for pooped diapers. it is easy to use, practical, compact and nice.
the inside lining of the bag started coming apart at the seams after two weeks and the bag began leaking. further use showed that the interior lining was continuing to disintegrate and tearing to pieces. the only thing being carried was formula bottles, so this was not due to what we were using it for. bottom line: the quality of this product is poor and it won't last you a month before you are buying a replacement.
the product is ok, it works for our wife. i do not have any more comment (negative) about it. thanks
i paid 80 bucks for a few pieces of plastic, then i have to pay a fortune in plastic bags that should cost 1c. also, try to follow all the instructions to the letter and you will spend you whole day washing this thing (not to talk about the useless funnel).<br /><br />do yourself a favor and get the medela sns instead, we had to buy it after trying this one, and we never used the lact-aid again. the medela is still expensive for what it is, but you won't have to buy bags, you will have 3 different tube sizes for different flows, a strap you can easily adjust with one hand (not the crap this one comes with)... we can get ready with the medela sns in under a minute, and washing it afterwards also takes just a minute.
i bought this as a toy to try to get my son to like his crib and have something to entertain him.  he never reallly took to it though, but he was around 4-5 months old when i purchased so maybe i bought it too late for him to enjoy.  he is now 9 months and i put it on the floor for him to play with, while sitting up.  he plays with it a little bit but has more favorite toys.  my complaint with the product itself would be the volume level - it seems really low, even on the highest setting.  you can hear it and maybe if just waking up in a silent room, it would be a quiet toy to entertain.  we use a white noise machine in our son's room though, and that will pretty easily cover the sound of this toy, up.
i got these for my baby's cloth diapers, however they don't absorb all of my baby's urine, i made some out of cotton batting and it works better than these expensive, practically useless things.
whats that's old saying&#34; you pay for what you get&#34;.... well, the comforter was wonderful, the sheet was great, but the pillow was a joke and the diaper stacker. was a laugh. the biggest joke was the bumper pads. very very thin, very very disappointed!!!!!
pros:<br />-not messy (this is a pretty big pro when you're also wrangling wiggly babies).<br />-it didn't crack for me as i've seen others mention.<br /><br />cons:<br />-i had a very hard time getting this to spread nicely. it was very frustrating because i just could not get it smooth no matter how much time i spent on it. eventually i gave up and just got it as smooth as i could.<br />-i used this on my son's 1st birthday and he wanted absolutely nothing to do with the process. it took a few attempts because you need a lot of pressure to get a good impression (which was further complicated because every failed impression meant going through the rolling out/smoothing process again).<br /><br />overall, i'm mostly happy with the end result. i wish it had come out smoother around the impression, but i did get a good impression of my son's hand and foot that i am sure i will treasure forever. i've seen it mentioned in another review to use your finger and a little water to smooth around the impression afterwards and maybe i'll try that if i do another of these in the future.
well designed for the most part -- my only complaint is that the on / off button takes a bit of getting used to.  what initially seemed like a \\flaw\\ is actually a true feature.  when turning it on  you have to press it for a little while before it comes on (only about 2 seconds).  once you have that part down the rest is simple.<br /><br />this unit provides two stages of vibration.  the unit noise is noticeable (as most vitrating items are) however when placed under the mattress the sound is less though still a nice white noise.<br /><br />the unit is battery operated and there is a screw on the battery box.  this is a nice safety feature to keep batteries out of the mouths of wee ones.
the absorbent towel side is on the back. it also has a tag on that side. so my husband was confused as what side was the front. the patterns are cute, but not absorbent at all. the pink one is like fuzzy flowers. the back is towel material but the front is totally unabsorbent. i use them as drool bibs.
this is the worst company you can do business with. cheating, there is a lot of other companies better, please don't do any business with vtech communications inc.
are you kidding me?  from the picture this things looks like a belt but then we received the actual item: it looks like a wrist band with a few metal slots on it.  this cheesy thing only goes through about two or three belt loops--making your child look like a freak.  for half the price you could get a velcro or magnet belt that is an actual belt that wraps around instead of something that gives 2 inches of coverage. the item probably cost a dollar to make yet she is selling it for ten bucks--a total rip-off.  this baby is going back!
in comparison to the picture it is very sparse, small, comes with no arm or bracket to hang it, and the chimes you can barely hear...i returned it. cute but not worth the price.
i am having a horrible time with breastfeeding and have to pump. i thought getting a smaller size would fit better and be more comfortable, but there was no change (there was no change with a bigger size either)<br /><br />they came quickly, and were exactly as advertised. i can't complain about the product or service.
the second i put this carrier on with my 30 pound daughter inside, my shoulders immediately started to hurt! i could not walk around the house for more then 30 seconds without wanting to cry. the child's weight is not evenly distributed between the hips and shoulder. you are holding their entire weight on your shoulders. it was immediately returned to amazon, which thankfully has a great return policy. if i could give the product zero stars i would.
The spring doesnot retract and dont recommend at all!!!  Was disappointed having wasted time in ordering,fixing and returning the item.
no leaks, no leftover meds left behind. i couldnt believe it worked but it did. my son takes prilosec 2x a day. its DARK PURPLE and impossible to get him to take via syringe alone. we would give him a tenth of a milliliter at a time and pop his pacifier back in so he'd suck it down.  it took forever and he'd always  spit some of it out. (purple stains on everything he owns) we tried this and were shocked that it worked. he sucked down the meds in 2 seconds and didnt notice!
I ordered this a few months ago and put it away, thinking that I would open when I needed it. Well, my daughter was running a high fever the other night, and I opened this up, sanitized it, and TRIED to use it. It doesn't even turn on. I had to drag out the regular digital thermometer that she hates.
I bought this because of its great reviews and was not disappointed.  It's easy to use and beats several little squirts of medicine that inevitably come out of her mouth.  It can bee kind of hard to close, but once you figure it out, it's not so bad.  Medicine can come out a little fast...  Haven't tried with the syringe yet...  My baby is 12 weeks old.
My doula recommended these and we love them. We have ordered several more including glow in the dark ones!!  A great buy.
Safety first has made giving meds much easer for your little ones. No one wants to hold down a child and try and spoon the meds into a closed mouth. Now with this little pacifier you don't have to do that. Most babies are used to a pacifier and will just take it right away. The most unique to give meds. Way to go Safety First you rock.
The description was not clear enough to know this was a pacifier for newborns.  I was looking for a specific size and shape and had to take a gamble to see if it was what I was looking for.  I lost and wasted my money from my perspective.
i have a two year old son who is very petite and he barely fits in the small opening without spraying eveywhere. i hope that my younger son, who is a bit heaftier, can use it as well. for the price, it does what it's supposed to.
i do like the medela bottles for collecting and storing milk, but when i tried to use these nipples to feed my 3 month old baby it was horrible. she was so full of gas that it was as if she were 2 weeks all over again. i have been using medela calma nipple and that one doesn't have gas issues but it has very strong flow and causes her to cough a  few times during the feeding. not to mention it's ridiculously expensive.
the switch on the side didnt work.  it wasn't as cool as it seemed from the description, but i would have kept it if it worked
bought matching crib and changing table.  color good, sturdy furniture.  have been using for 6 weeks now and have no complaints.  nice amount of room on top for changing baby
i found the boppy pillow awkward and uncomfortable for nursing. i am an average sized person and slimmed up fairly fast after giving birth, and i found the boppy difficult to get around my midsection. i even watched a youtube video thinking i was missing something. for me, it was easier to use a couple of normal pillows for breastfeeding. my daughter was too small to enjoy it in the first few months, it would swallow her. by the time she was two months, she would squirm or roll out of it. the best use i did find for it was to sit on it, like a donut, to relieve pressure after i gave birth.
i have tried this on several different brands of bottled water and the only one i have found it fits on is pellegrino.  the spout also doesn't really keep water from gushing out of the top of the water.  i will just keep on using a sippy cup.
i bought these at walmart (2 for $7) and loved them at first but just took them out of the cupboard and there is mold growing b/w the plastic pouch and lid. it looks as if it should be sealed there and there is no way to clean it out and so sadly, i will have to throw them out. don't waste your money!
i recently bought this bag through amazon, at a great price!  i had been eying it for months and finally gave in, after my last 2 diaper bags had zipper malfunctions.  i was not disappointed!  the color (grey/white) and design are lovely.  the inside is lined with a lime green.  the pockets on the side of the bag are large enough for bottles/sippy cups and the pockets in front/back (though they don't zipper), have been useful to store my wallet/phone/keys.<br /><br />the bag also comes with a messenger strap and 2 stroller attachments/hooks.  my husband (although he thinks it's still girly) also thought it was really nice.<br /><br />i would recommend this bag to anyone.
this works very well it's just hard to turn on.  i push the on button, nothing, press & hold it, nothing.  i do this same process a few time then it finally turns on.  it has been a life saver.  well worth the money just wish it would turn on easier.
i got these cups for my 2yr old to use. i was very disappointed with this product. the lid does not twist on very well, and they leak like crazy, not through the spout, but through where the lid threads to the cup. every time my daughter went to take a drink from the cup it would drip down the front of her.<br /><br />i was also disappointed with the quality of the cups, they are not much thicker than throw away plastic party cups.<br /><br />i definitely will not be buying this product again!
the negatives have this one right!! this is by far the worst sony product i have ever purchased. the beeping noise will drive you absolutely crazy, the range is pathetic, and the money is not worth it. please do not buy this product.
that was the only one pacyfier for my douther, she didn't use any difrent because their felt from her mouth she used the one from 0-6 months, so i keep going with that one<br />love it
i just received this product two days ago. the first night we got it, we didn't use it because we thought it needed to charge overnight. tonight, we unplugged it and were excited to start using it only to figure out that there is no rechargeable battery inside.  it has to stay plugged in to work. in fact, there isn't even a temporary memory to remember the time settings once you've taken the time to set it. i am floored that a product meant to help toddlers who get out of their beds and have free reign in their rooms has to have a cord attached! can you say choking hazard?!?! we're still desperate to see if it works, so maybe i'll give a better rating after we spend our precious parent time tacking the cord to the wall and go through the teaching process.<br /><br />another minor complaint...after one time in my daughter's hands, the bottom cover that provides access to the clock was broken. not very child resistant on that piece. it's not a huge deal, but annoying enough to mention.<br /><br />a couple of good things to mention:  it came wrapped like a present, making it very exciting for my daughter; and when i posted a question to their fb site, it was answered within an hour or so.
its a nice bag but it was too small for me so i returned it and exchanged it for a jj cole caprice diaper bag-vintage poppy (i love it).
we love this brand but these are bottles with medium flow nipples and are not suitable to newborns. they also require drop in liners by ziploc that are not sold in stores.
i really have never written a scathing review before and i really wanted to like the 2012 inglesina zuma white highchair, but my wife has really let me know on a daily basis how unhappy she is with it.  we have twins, so we purchased two of them!  the price was pretty good, and the quality seemed like it was constructed well. we really were taken in by the looks and style and it matched our kitchen. the engineering is just dreadful.<br /><br />1. the maneuverability is difficult because it's an awkward design with the extended legs. you just can move it quickly or easily.<br />2. setting it up and storing it takes several steps and one of them sometimes requires repeating over an over because of an internal latch mechanism that doesn't always release. it's a real pain.<br />3. cleaning the seats is a chore because you have to remove the straps and speaking of straps...<br />4. straps are a magnet to babies and these are very long and floppy. we had to use velcro straps to keep the kids from sucking on them. also, it would be nice to have a padded shoulder strap so it would prevent the strap from sometimes cutting into the child's neck.<br />5. cracks everywhere!! the top tray and sides are designed in such a way that food will get into every nook and cranny. this drives my wife nuts!<br /><br />we could never recommend this highchair to anyone because it costs too much money to have all of these issues.<br /><br />this is only our opinion and you may not care about any of these things. it's a really cool looking highchair!
ya the inc ones 24mm too freaking small...these are too huge...get 27 mm unless you've got mammoth freaky huge nipples!!
i bought this hoping it would make traveling from bwi to houston easier with just me and a 2 year old. it was a nightmare. i can't really blame this strap, but it is not very long and you have to tilt the arm very far down to walk when using it so it's impossible to walk comfortably. also, in the pic it shows pushing the seat like a cart, in reality you have to drag it behind you because when you exert that much force to push suitcase, seat and child, the handle automatically slides back into the luggage. i wouldn't recommend this for anyone traveling alone. pulling that around is a job all on its own.
in my haste to order an outfit my 5 month old son could wear for his baptism, i purchased this using my prime membership so it would arrive in two days.  i should have read the reviews first!  as previous reviewers mentioned, the 6-12 month size was much too small for my 5 month old who wears 6-12 month clothing in just about every brand imaginable.  the \\top\\ portion fit well, but the legs barely went past his knees and the lack of middle button on the rise meant that his diaper stuck out of the jumpsuit. on the plus side, the jumpsuit was really cute and the cabled cotton was soft.  please add some length to the legs and a middle button!!!
None available.
I wish I had read recent reviews prior to purchasing this.  Check for yourself:  the extension does not fit!!  The male coupling of the extension belt does not seat into the female coupling of the carrier.  I bought a brand new galaxy grey ergobaby organic carrier.  Since I can't return the carrier (outside the terms of returns), I am stuck with something that won't fit.  I'm hoping a luggage repair shop or professional seamstress can help...
its fine, but a 6 pack is kinda overdoing it. unless you're losing or tearing membranes left and right, they kinda stick you with too many so they can make more money.
we bought this glider to replace wood rocking chair which started making wood cracking sounds.<br />we tried several gliders in the past and they were all super quiet, so we decided to upgrade to a glider.<br /><br />assembly was easy, although a bit confusing. the instruction say to tighten the screws and then a paragraph later they say that we should not tighten the screws yet until we assemble more parts.<br /><br />so it took me about 10 minutes to assemble and then we tried it for the first time.<br />when i set on it, it made a lot of wood cracking sounds (much more than our old rocking chair) and also the cushions made some squeaking sounds.<br />if your goal is to put a baby to sleep, this glider is probably not for you.<br /><br />one more thing, the glider is smaller than other gliders i tried.<br /><br />bottom line: it doesn't do the most important feature of a glider, which is to glide quietly (at least the item that i got)...
the product description stated there were two plates in the order.  we only received one and it was not one of the plates pictured.
i put this chair on my registry from another store for a few reasons. first i thought the idea of the arms with hanging toys was great. and second because of all of the great reviews on the item on many different websites.<br /><br />once my daughter came i liked the item. i wasn't able to use it much the first month or two- not because if problems but i had a baby that craved human touch and didn't like any baby items in the beginning. this does not affect my rating btw. what little i did use it in the first 6-8 weeks was without the arms to avoid over stimulation. from 8-14 weeks she seemed to like the chair, however the toys weren't at a good angle for her to even look/play with them. her head was turned awkward to look at them. i had to rig some rings between the two arms and hang toys off those for her to play with them. i thought no biggie. at about 14 weeks she started slouching in the chair significantly. as her weight increased even in the upright setting she was basically completely reclined. she kept ending up sliding down. her little feet would be resting on the hard battery pack and she could barely kick if i got her excited and smiling. she would start fussing almost immediately after putting her in the chair. i knew it was because of her poor posture and positioning in this item. she was around 12-13 pounds when the issues started - not huge by any means.<br /><br />i hated spending money on another baby item, but i needed to be able to have something to sit her in so i could get a few minutes to do some work around the house or shower. so i caved and bought the really expensive bouncer from that swedish company. best decision ever.<br /><br />besides the poor positioning of my daughter in the chair it's horrible to travel with. you can't easily pack it in the car without disassembling it.<br /><br />i can't recommend this item.<br /><br />i recently tried the chair again just to ensure it wasn't just a phase (she's around 16 pounds now) and same thing only worse.<br /><br />buyer beware!
living in a 2/1, we wanted a potty that would be a great trainer but not take up a lot of floor space.  so far so good...while we aren't actually training yet, our daughter is interested enough to sit on it.
i didn't like these breast pads at all compared to the avent ones. i tried them out bcuz they were cheap but they are too thin and not very absorbant. i would not reccomend. they need a new design!
the warmer appears to take longer than the recommended times in the instructions to warm up bottles. i think this warmer would be ideal during later stages of feedings when baby has more of a routine but is difficult to use when you have to wait 6+ mins for a small bottle to heat up for late night feedings of infants whom are not on any set schedules.
i have dogs so having child-proof (or in this case, dog proof) gates is very important at my house. i have been using a brand called regaio international (which received very good ratings on amazon) and have been very happy with them. their only shortcoming is that the door portion (the part that opens) is only 18\\. so when i had the opportunity to try out the munchkin safety gate i was intrigued. so here's the good news... and the bad. the door opening is more than 22\\, and that is great. very easy to walk through, especially when you are carrying something. installation was relatively easy -- however, the instructions are terrible! i couldn't figure out how the latch worked, and there was no written clue for it. finally, by process of elimination -- and desperation -- i finally figured out that you need to squeeze the two buttons and at the same time push down on the entire plastic piece. i wish they had said that! the regaio has a much much easier latch system. also, compared to my other gates, the unit is heavy. and the munchkin requires the use of a special wrench (which they supply) to tighten and loosen for installation. i love that my regaio uses plastic thumb turns which are attached, so that makes it much easier than trying to remember where i put the wrench. bottom line: the munchkikn is a decent gate, but not as good as the regaio, even though the regaio has a smaller opening.
i wanted a cute wipes case and thought for the price of this one it must also be well made. as other reviewers have noted, however, this is basically a very cheap case wrapped in fabric and trim. it's hard to open and doesn't hold a lot of wipes, or any of the wider wipes like earths best. i wasn't thrilled with it and would not recommend it at it's price to anyone.
I wish there was a way that you knew the product was working. Just not convinced that it's necessary. It's easy to use and has a fun, cool design. Other parents are impressed that we have such a clever gadget. Seems like if you have room for it, why not. But with babies, come lots of stuff, so I think you could take or leave this one.
i expected a cover that protected the babies bottom.  something that i could use on vacatton. this was a total waste of my money and time. this makes me  very leary of ordering on line.
one of the strings was broken right out of the box. what a merry christmas to my 14 year old son!
works ok, but not wide enough so baby leaned into side of mesh too easily.  must have a really firm bed mattress or the co-sleeper tips when you lay down next to it.
we purchased 2 gaits. i had read they are not easy to install, so was ready for that. however, after a little while the individual bars began to break down and fall out, once it started it was a domino effect. they are all out of use at this point.
when i saw the picture of this item i assumed that it was much bigger than it really was. it's very tiny and can't even hold one of my son's average sized stuffed animals. 4 to 5 beanie babies is about all this thing can handle.
these bottles look like toy bottles; not what i was expecting. they are super tall and skinny- not shorter and more round as the picture makes it look. i bought this bottle because i have a very fussy baby and refuses bottles- but this does not have any vents so i am concerned that even if she did take it i would be dealing with gas/colic issues more than i already am.<br /><br />i already opened the bottle packaging- i would return if i could. i will never use these.
love this pregnancy pillow!  it's the perfect length for me (i'm 5'6&#34; and overweight).  noticed a lessening of back pain shortly after i started using this.
first off my wife and i have a new born and a 1.5yr old toddler. and we needed something that would fit our needs and lifestyle so we went with the bumbleride indie twin. since this is the only option available for a car seat adapter it gets a 5 star, but there are things that could be improved for security, ergonomics and use of this adapter so i had to lower the score down to a 3.<br /><br />this car seat adapter for the bumbleride indie twin works as described but it's not as secure as i'd hoped for the car seat.<br /><br />when first installing the adapter the instructions don't clearly tell you which way the adapter should be inserted. you must place it so that the bar is closer to the seat for it to function properly. there is also a safety strap to make sure your carseat is secure but it is not as secure as i would have imaged it to be, and the strap can interfere with getting your baby in and out of the car seat as it must be unclasped to get at your baby. unclasping the babyseat then poses the risk of the babyseat coming out while you're taking the baby out.<br /><br />the car seat adapter acts much like putting your car seat on a shopping cart but with a safety strap. we have a britax chaperone car seat and had a b-ready stroller for when we just had one child. the car seat with  b-ready was very secure and convenient to use. basically made it one with the stroller base. wife decided that she didn't like the idea of our kids riding tandem and she preferred the bumbleride the most out of all the double-wide strollers.<br /><br />so the benefit of this universal car seat adapter is that you can use any car seat you like.<br /><br />in terms of use, the stoller does not fold with the adapter in place. i find that when closing the stroller with the adapter the stroller won't lock shut, it's about a quarter inch too far away. i am afraid if i try and force the stroller closed with it on it will break something.<br /><br />as for removal of the adapter or any seat accessory for that matter (like the snack tray), the snaps to unlock the accessory are difficult to get to. i have average sized hands (medium sized gloves) and i have a difficult time with getting my fingers to the snaps. others with larger hands may have even a more difficult time than i do.<br /><br />as far as car seat fit goes, i can only speak to the fit of the britax chaperone seat, and it does fit. the safety strap goes were you would place the seatbelt when you are not using the car seat base. but as i mentioned earlier this interferes with getting your baby in and out of the seat. if you don't use it the car seat is not secure in the stroller.<br /><br />if you need to carry two car seats i am not sure the stroller is wide enough to handle an additional carseat. the snack tray will not fit while the car seat adapter and car seat are in place, and i could not imagine a second car seat fitting on the stroller.<br /><br />if you already own a bumbleride indie twin, you really have no choice but to buy this adapter if you must carry a car seat. but if you are considering upgrading to bumbleride indie twin from a single i recommend going into a physical store that carries a lot of different double strollers and trying it out. there's no ultimate solution for a newborn and a toddler, and no double stroller was clearly the winner. bumbleride offered the best universal fit for car seats however. we were close to getting a city select, but they did not have car seat adapters for britax car seats, and bugaboo was nice and light but didn't offer enough stability for an active lifestyle and also did not have a car seat adapter for our car seat.<br /><br />(sorry for the scattered thoughts in this review)
what i don't like:<br />the size is on the small side. the bib itself as well as the opening for the neck.<br />the size of the velcro and the part that attaches to the velcro do not match, so the extra velcro scratched my son's face when he moved his bead in that direction.<br />the appliques that are attached to the closure part are so hard and rough. it also scratched my son's face when he moved, so i went ahead and cut them off each one with a scissor.<br />the material is on the thin side. there are times where it would literally be soaked after a feeding.<br />after a few washes, the material shriveled up and started to fuzz.<br /><br />i do not see myself reaching for these bibs at all. i only use them when i need to do laundry and have nothing else to use.
When they say color may vary they mean that if you have a boy you will get pink pacifiers which is not very good. But overall they are good pacifiers and my baby likes them
I love these pacifiers- they're the only ones my son will take.  However, I ordered a 4 pack of the 3+ month and received a single newborn size pacifier.  Very disappointing.
the clothes are made well but  purchased them for my grand daughter's vermont teddy bear and they are very tight
i was so excited to find a pail specifically for cloth diapers that i eagerly awaited it's arrival and as soon as i opened the box my heart sunk i was so disappointed and wanted to return it. the bin is so small and i felt not at all worth the price. however, after realizing the $12 shipping cost to me would come out of my pocket, as well as the cost to send it back, it felt like i was stuck between a rock and a hard place-either pay $25 to return a $38 bucket or just keep it, so it's now sitting in it's box in a corner of the nursery.<br /><br />i looked for cloth diaper pails everythwere (online, that is) and couldn't find another that was larger and sepcifically for cloth diapers. i would recommend someone get a simple plastic bin and stick the air fresheners/filters onto the inside of the lid, it would save significant $$ and i wish i had thought to do that instead.<br /><br />currently, i have a nice big one from the gal who owns the diaper service we use (i didn't realize she was providing a pail when we ordered this one) i asked where she got it and how much it costs. found out it comes from canada and she can get one for about $40. i'm not sure of the brand or how she orders them but if i find out i'll add it to this review
i didn't realize the &#34;colors may vary&#34; when i purchased this set. i was hoping to get exactly the set pictured when i ordered the comb and brush set. my new granddaughter will be here in 6 weeks, and i received a pastel green comb & brush with a teddy bear on back....sure looks more like a boy's set to me. (wish they were showing the photo of what you would really receive.)
this chart is really cute. i have a owl theme in my daughters bedroom, and found this fit in perfectly. i love the 3 cutouts for pics, and so does my daughter (who is now 3.) so the looks of it is great, but since it doesn't have a continuous &#34;ladder&#34; of inches, it gets harder to keep exact or even almost exact measures. i am almost a perfections and love to keep the right records. otherwise, great price, since most other wooden charts are $40+.
i am not a picky person when it comes to furniture, but this changing table is terrible.  we will be returning this product, if possible.<br /><br />what i hate the most about this changing table is the drawer - it is unusable because you can't open it more than two inches without it falling out of the tracks and getting stuck at some weird angle.  even when the drawer is closed there is about a half inch space between the drawer and the bottom of the changing surface, and you can see a big metal screw sticking out.  very classy.<br /><br />i know others have complained about the shelves, and they do look and feel flimsy but they seem to be holding up.<br /><br />i know you're sitting there reading these negative reviews and thinking \\but everyone else says it's so great; surely these negative reviews are just coming from negative people!\\  not true!  this is actually a terrible product, trust me.  go hit that back button and find another changing table to order from amazon.com.  i wish i had followed my instincts and done the same.
this is great.  it holds all of my son's toys and makes it so easy to clean up at the end of bath time, just scoop everything in and you're done.  the top is nice and wide and makes it easy to get toys in and out.
well lets start off by saying i have twin girls. i ordered 2 espresso toddler beds. we opened the first bed and put it together with out any problems. we were happy and excited to show our girls their new &#34;big girl&#34; beds. we opened the second box and whit did we find; a bright pink bed. i wish we had opened this one first. would not have even put the other one together until we could have recieved a replacement. but the kids were ready for there new beds that we had been telling them about for a week. the only thing i can say is that im glad we had two girls and not two boys or we would have had to make one of them wait.
they sent me the smallest size,my 12 y.o. daughter cant even wear this thing.and why is it so expensive??all it is is a piece of fabric.i know i ordered small,my wife is small,but she cant use this thing as a headband.....
it was a very easy grasp rattle for my four month old. the main reason i ordered it though was because it was supposed to light up. it never worked to my disappointment.
it's okay. it doesnt seem to be the best quality but you do get what you pay for. one or two pieces had bad dings and scratches in it but we needed it too soon to send back for replacement. it is supposed to convert but not sure how well it will look once we get to that stage.
love the material and softness of these washcloths. they are a nice large size; could also be used as burb cloths.
binky is the only pacifier my baby ever took, except this one, no good grip and slips out easily, the plastic is too strong and it smells like crude oil
bought this for my 10 month old and she never, ever plays with it. i keep pulling it out thinking it might interest her more as she gets older, but the opposite is true. cute to sit on a shelf but not much else.
total useless, wasted time and money,no changes at all and they are so uncomfortable,restricted from using them for any length of time.
we bought this car seat for travel (airport compliant and folding compact for travel).  this seat is very heavy, difficult to install, has many sharp edges, and the restraint system is awkward to adjust and release.  for the price there are better options. not recommended.
I opened the package to discover only one spork, meaning, I paid $9+ for only one spork...pretty disappointing!<br />I didn't use it yet but it seems like it could be a nice one, though expensive!
buy this. seriously. well, first have a baby. but then you should buy this. we have our first little girl and she just moved into her own room. it is so convenient to check on her without opening the door and potentially waking her. also: we have now traveled twice with it and we use it at family and friends' houses. seriously. buy this.
loved it till i used it because the red fake leather started to peel from day one. not even two months old and looks so ratty and ugly luckily overstock.com is refunding my money.
these are really cool cups, however they started leaking a little soon after we purchased them.  we still love using them.
the brush worked fine the first 2 weeks but then individual plastic strands started to deteriorate and tangle up. after about 6 weeks the brush had literally turned into a hairball of plastic and was tossed into the trash. bad product.
(teal) i stacked this item with diapers for the first time and the tie broke from the weight. very cheaply made and would not recommend to anyone. pay a little more and get a little more. however, amazon was extremely awesome when i wanted to return and credited me right away.
in theory, this looks like it might be useful. however, the side compartments are really small. not even an average size bottle of cornstarch can fit in it. when i try go to remove something from there, like a tube of cream, the plastic side piece detaches and i have to click it back into place (all of these pieces can disconnect, which could be nice, but i found that they would disconnect when i did not want them to). the diaper areas in the front do not hold many diapers at all. the top doesn't have a non slip grip, so the box of wipes just slides all over. pain in the rear. i returned this and bought a large basket that i keep on the changing table edge and just put all my supplies into.
i was very excited about this product. we even ordered two. unfortunately the lights and sounds only last for 10 minutes and the remote doesn't work. my little girl gets so disappointed when they turn off. i was afraid in the future this may be a bigger problem so i ordered the baby einstein mirror which we love.  i contacted fisher price to ask for a working remote and they informed me they don't manufacture the mirror and couldn't help me. it stinks that companies don't feel accountable anymore.
i'm changing my review after just two uses with the product...my daughter has already figured out how to get the top off and pour the food out everywhere.  sadly...this has not worked out as i had hoped.  if she doesn't get the lid off it works as stated and is easy to clean...but if the lid comes off it's a mess.
i bought this product from a retail store and was so excited to use it bc my daughter loves bubbles. like everyone else said it doesn't work at all bc the bubbles pop before leaving the mouth. i was going to return it, but had tossed the box at xmas and didn't feel like going through any hassle at the store.  anyway, i was looking at the reviews on here about the tape and it works great if u tape half the hole. would i buy this product for anyone, absolutely not bc it's crap. but having already purchased it, i wanted it to work so that i didn't feel like i threw away $20. so don't buy this product, but if u already purchased it, it can be modified to work.<br /><br />update:  do not buy. product never worked how it should. the modifications were only temporary and eventually did not work anymore. it is now in the trash.
if you are sucked into purchasing a baby spa, then this is perfect.  but basically, it is a bucket for your baby.  your local hardware store has one much cheaper.  i purchased for my sister, and after she used it, she said basically the same thing.  ahh... the joy of being a first time parent!
this product must be totally hit or miss. it's too small for my condo's kitchen sink and too large for the bathroom sinks, which all seem to be standard sized. was hoping for an easy to store tub appropriate for city living, but this does not fit the bill. after just two uses with my one-month old, i went out and bought a real baby tub that she can grow with. because of the way this is product is designed, the water drains out the bottom while the baby is sitting in it. the magnets are too weak to sufficiently hold the product together, which causes the water to drain out. the puj basically allows you to give a sponge bath in a sink. the baby isn't sitting in any water after less than a minute. you have to keep refilling the puj from a basin or sponging off your baby with wash clothes dampened in another sink. that is unless you want to keep the water in the sink you are using running constantly, which isn't the safest in an apartment setting where you can't control the water temperature. definitely think twice about this product. it's not worth it if you have to immediately go out and buy another more traditional baby tub.
we got the bean bag chair 3 days before christmas and were very disappointed, the chair was almost flat.  we had to buy a bag of beans to fill it up.  when we opened the bean bag to find crumbled styrofoam, not even bean bag beans.  we had bought this for our 8 year old granddaughter.  i wouldn't recommend to others to purchase.  we would have been better off getting a $15 bean bag from walmart.
this sling came with an informative dvd making it easy to learn how to use.  it's also pretty with bright colors and the material is great quality.  i rated this item only okay (3 stars) because<br />1.  i felt that the one shoulder i was wearing the sling on was a bit sore afterwards and my daughter is only 12 pounds<br />and<br />2.  if my daughter was at all fussy, it was a nightmare to get her in the sling.
i was very careful to check for regular single bed sheets; this one fooled me... shame on me and them!
i love the design so i kept the product.  the comforter became very pilly after just one wash.  the sheets are rough but wash well.
i purchased this item to help protect the crib mattress against leaky diapers.  after two nights i removed it and will probably put it on the changing pad instead.  i would find my 5 month old pulling at the corners to chew/suck on it.<br /><br />it's only one pad-  it pilled a bit after washing.<br />it is soft and definitely seems to keep water at bay
this is great to divide different items for your child's snack, but you can't spin the top to go to each section in the container. i have found its easier to take the lid off and on.
i am unhappy because the product did not color i requested. of course this was a long time ago but for reasons that are irrelevant had failed qualify
simply, this is a nice crib bedding set, but the color on the screen doesn't is richer and more vibrant than what is in the box.  we were able to deal with it and paint the room according to the color of the blanket.
i bought this thinking my son would have some cups he could use to pour water around but every singe cup has holes in it. all but one of the cups has such big holes that the water doesn't stay in the cup long enough to even take out of the water before it's already leaked out. also the pieces don't snap together very well and just break apart with the slightest movement. super cute though but not cute enough to make up for the lack of usefulness.
tried folding  the stroller with this attached and it doesnt fold, you need to take it off in order to fold it!
this type of nipple works on the glass bottles from avent, and, since i wanted to avoid using the plastic bottles, i had to get these nipples. in the advertisement it is claimed that these nipples assure natural flow with a twin anti-colic valves. and, when the flow actually flows the nipples work fine. however, i had thrown out two of the nipples out of pure frustration when the formula would not flow! this never happened with the previous type of nipples from philips that came with the plastic bottles. why would the flow work some times and not others i have no idea, but here is what i do now: there are small grooves on the opposite edges of the nipple (one of them right by the number indicator), so i align one of the grooves with the small notch in the plastic screw-cap thing that attaches the nipple to the bottle. this works most of the time, and if the flow gets stuck, i push on the nipple with the finger at the place where the groove meets the notch and blow at it for a second or two. that seems to solve the flow issue and all is well again. how is this a natural flow? well it sort-of works, and you really haven't got much choice if you use the glass bottle from philips, but this nipple issue has be to resolved at some point.
i spent so much time trying to place this monitor in a location where it doesn't play static. the amount of static varies based on whether it's plugged in (more static) or using battery power, where it's placed on the table, and whether or not you're touching it. it's so aggravating that i find myself relocating so i can hear my son myself rather than listen to the annoying static. i'm currently on the market for a new one.
We have more baby-related gadgets than a family needs.  And this is one we most likely don't need.<br /><br />It claims to sterilize the pacifier, but without conducting some sort of experiment with swabs and a microscope, I'm not sure that we could prove it does.<br /><br />It claims to be portable but it is far too bulky and flimsy to ever take with us...not enough room in the diaper bag.  From normal handling, the plastic object developed a number of small cracks.  I'm sure with a drop to the kitchen floor it would be useless.<br /><br />This product may be useful for families for whom cleanliness and sterilization is a high priority.  Unfortunately, for us, it was not useful.
I wasnt sure how light would be able to purify a pacifier, however, this really works pretty well. I would like there to be some kind of a test strip or other they could provide with this.  However, I like it better than using water.
i found it, extremely difficult to put on the car and the car seat, the fabric is normal and inside too!!! i don't use it....
even though we only used it for a few months, it worked great, much easier than wrapping and she never got out.  she outgrew it before we were done using it, but she is a big baby.  love it.
facts: the smaller bristle end broke (wire attachment spun loose from the plastic) within the first day. larger rubber bristle end cam undone (rubber came out from under the plastic retaining lip) within two weeks. both were under normal usage. the smaller wire end is too large to fit in many of the orifices on several major brands of bottle, lids and nipples.<br /><br />review: not only did this item break in two different places on separate occasions, but the overall design (aside from being aesthetically pleasing) is very poorly engineered. the product engineers should have placed more emphasis on function than appearance. while it is \\cute\\, if it does not work, it is nothing more than another brightly colored piece of plastic and rubber, taking space on a counter top. i can honestly say that the dollar store brand is a much better purchase for the following reasons:<br /><br />1. it lasted longer<br />2. it actually worked<br />3. it was 1/5 the price
I was expecting to receive a pack of blue pacifiers, and instead I received PINK! I will not use a pink pacifier on my baby BOY! False advertising!
I liked the product it went very well<br />I am not sure yo guys why you need 19 word in this review to require review....I just think it s simply good
My son is not a big fan of pacifiers, and was not loving the Avent 0-6 mo one, but this one was a hit! It has an intresting shape, I want to believe it's safe for the growing teeth.
Although this pacifier is cheap, Do NOT waste your money! We have a hard time getting my son to take medicine so I thought this was a perfect idea... Boy, was I wrong. The nipple on this thing is soooo hard. I can't even squeeze it with my fingers.<br />I gave it to my son to &#34;try&#34; before I put any medicine in it to see if he would take to it. He grabbed it, put it in his mouth, made a crazy face, handed it right back to me and said &#34;nasssy&#34;.<br />Needless to say, It went in the garbage.
this product is a complete waste.... a 2-year old was able to wrangle the adhesive off by playing with the lever and open the door to the basement.  don't throw your money away on this.
this costume runs huge and the quality is pretty lousy.  had to buy a different costume for my 6 month old
water proof yes, but not soft.  it is stiff. would not buy any more of this brand for that reason.
this was an impulse item i bought to keep my son entertained for the second half of a 9-hr car trip. he is 14 months old and was able to put the coins into the slot by himself, after being shown how by family members.<br /><br />biggest problem? the treasure chest mistakes which coin you put in, either in terms of color, number, or shape, about 50% of the time. i'll also agree that the top doesn't open far enough and is so heavy that my son pinched (but not hard) his hand in between the top and bottom of the chest, as some other reviewers mentioned.<br /><br />still, my older son thinks the recognition mistakes the chest makes are hilarious, and will play this with his little brother without complaining (huge plus!!!) and the baby does like putting the coins in. we'll keep playing with it, but i would not buy this again.
it bounces, it vibrates, it's simple. my only complaint, and it's a huge complaint, is that the vibrating function is extremely loud. no chance of being in the same room and watching tv, having a conversation, or sleeping while this thing is turned on. the baby loves it. i hate it.
spend a little more money on the ones that are wider in the front and have better sizing. i went with the reviews saying they ran big and purchased the s/m and it is too small. my only hope is that i can use it post pregnancy  to help shrink the area back to a &#34;normal&#34; size.
we bought one of these about 5 years ago and it was great.  recently with the wear and tear of our second child and a glider too close to the gate we broke it, our bad.  we picked up a new one at a local store, a heavily taped box.  the design has changed quite a bit, much smaller and flimsier looking pieces.  after i opened the box i noticed two of the plastic hinges were broken off.  i returned it to the store and they shipped me another one since they were out of stock.  new one arrived saturday, another heavily taped and somewhat damaged box, and same thing, broken hinge.<br /><br />since i logged into amazon to try and find another suitable gate i read all the other comments on here about the same thing with the broken parts.<br /><br />i think they are just shipping the same two broken gates back and forth to everyone, this is terrible to have this many reviews stating that the gates are arriving broken!  i give up, i'm returning this broken one to the store and ordering a different gate on amazon.
okay item, just as pictured, affordable.  very pretty style.  finish is a bit uneven and stinky when first out of box, will scratch easily, shelves are cheap cardboard-like laminate that show dust easily and will collapse if over weighted.  best use is for temporary changing table or shelving unit.  included changing mat is very thin and the security strap totally useless, we bought a better pad for the top.  rolling wheels will not stay put even when &#34;locked&#34;, finish will rub off easily and mark up your wall paint, and it is very hard to remove from walls!<br /><br />i do not expect us to use this for much longer, at 7 mos our little girl is already almost too tall to fit,and if she wiggles can get the whole shelf moving wildly, and she is not a tall or big baby.  we bought this at $99, if we had it to do again i would try to get this second hand.
at 8 or 9 months old, my son was strapped into this chair and threw his body forward with enough force to face plant onto a hard wooden floor with the chair on top of him.  i was able to watch it on the monitor that has replay and it was totally scarry.  avoid.
seriously, get the cheap ones.  these are a little thicker and fit together better than the cheap ones, but at 1/4 the price, the others serve their purpose.  in addition, my shipment was missing 2 tiles.  these were bright and cheery, but i returned them in favor of two complete sets of slightly thinner tiles from a big box store--and i still paid half the price.
my 6 month old has lots of fun with this. it has lots to play with and is nice because u can take it out of the suction cup to play on the floor or in the car seat. my only negative is, like all suction toys, it tends to not stick so great. when he plays with it and pulls on it, it pops right off the high chair.  also it is a bit heavy so when it does come off it kinda hurts when it flies at u.
this is a much smaller seat than most i have seen out there for toddlers.  there is no back to the seat, and no straps so it really is a \\booster\\ seat only.  however my three-year-old daughter, who is average size, barely fits in and it actually hates it because it is so small.  for the price, you're much better getting a baby-to-toddler seat with tray and straps than this one.  it'll probably work if you have a very small child and small chairs, but my average-sized dining table and chairs are too big for it.
i should have sized up as i wasn't able to get this thing on.  although i can't wear the one that i own (need to exchange) i feel that it is made well and has a lot of potential to be great.  if you are thinking of ordering one, please size up.
the red slide to open from the top work poorly.  i love that it is a nicer container than the ones that come pre filled, but the red opening needs to be reworked.
i bought this thinking it would be perfect for a very large opening from my living room into my kitchen. upon arrival, everything looked normal. the box was sealed and didnt look like it had been mishandled at all. we removed the gate and as we unfolded it, we noticed one of the plastic hinges was broken. the frame of this gate is metal. why wouldn't you manufacture metal hinges??? without this hinge intact, an entire panel is rendered useless. not only that, the mesh of the panel is not very tight. a little one could easily push into it and fall over. all in all, i am disappointed with this gate and will be returning it for a more sturdy one.
my daughter hated being inside so we never used it.. the product itself was really cool though. hopefully my next child won't mind being inside.. wish it had a cover to block the sun though.
we bought this after my son really liked another jellycat book he received as a gift, but he has no interest in this one.
this is not worth it if you have any wind in your neighborhood. it does not have any weight to it and will simply blow down the street with any degree of wind. not worth it unless you get a 5 lb weight to hold it down.
difficult to use, does not always work. disconnects automatically. way over priced and over promised. customer service is slow to respond.
my son likes it.  it's was a little different then what the picture shows. the sound it makes is a little loud.
these worked perfectly for what i wanted them for.  i bought them for wedding favors and used them as the picture indicates.  i made my own white chocolate sea shells and placed them in the bags.  the bags are plastic, like a plastic beach bag.  the only thing: they are very small.  i was able to fit about 3-4 medium sized chocolates into them.  but, like i said, perfect for what i wanted them for.  they were very cute and a huge hit!
i think this cooler has a lot of potential but like other reviews have mentioned, no matter how careful i was with the freezer packs they ended up bursting/falling apart, the gel got everywhere. i think the plastic the gel sits in is very flimsy and possibly got caught with the zipper. i now use regular ice packs in the cooler. i love the size, i like how at least 5-6 regular sized medela bottles fit in there. i don't like that only four tommy tippee bottles fit in it though.
it was cheap, hard and uncomfortable and i would not trust it strapped to a chair.  the tray was very hard to put on and then get off.  if the child was choking you would not be able to get them out immediately.  i took it back, needless to say.
my 16 month old just can't figure out how to use it, he is a nuk baby and love the soft spout cups but can not get a hang of this one.
served their purpose, but broke very fast, and it's also too small.  i liked the vital baby baby's 1st food pots, 7 ounce, 4 pack better, they are much sturdier and more space.
my brother bought this for us when we had our first baby a year and a half ago.  in the beginning it would say no signal all the time and we had to resort to all kinds of ridiculous tricks to try to get it to work, turning it on and off, moving the camera around, etc.  after a while, it started working better after it had some time to \\warm up\\ or something.  then it started to work consistently until we took it on a trip and then it started to give us the no signal again for no apparent reason.  after that we bought a cheap sound only monitor for trips so that we could leave this one in place and hope that it would continue to work.  it works the majority of the time but continues to give us the no signal screen momentarily every once in a while.  we then got a second camera for our second baby.  it worked great the first month but now it starts giving us the no signal after about 15 minutes.  i have to keep turning the video on (the screen goes dark automatically when it's not on it's base, presumably to save the battery) to make sure i'm still getting a signal.  it's so stressful!  my brother also bought one for our sister and she is going to return hers because it not only gives them issues with the signal but also seems to be interfering with their wireless signal as well.  it's so great when it works, the picture is very clear, the sound is good, it's user friendly, and i love how you can control the camera.  the scanning feature is great and syncing is very easy.  it's just unfortunate that it's so very unreliable.  this product has caused us no end of frustration!
This device is the perfect way to insure that your baby has a sterilized bobby at all times.  I can't believe how handy this is for on the go.  I am going to be purchasing another just so my wife and I each have one in our diaper bags in our cars.
this item is kind of bulky, and i wouldnt reccommend it for shorter people because it does come up quite high. i am 5'10'' and have no problem reaching over it but my 5'0'' friend said she couldn't. it goes out past the sides so we have to slide it back and forth to get to the drawers at either side of the stove. it does seem to do it's job at preventing little fingers from fiddling with the knobs though. my biggest issue is that you can't open and close your oven with it in place, or it will just fall out. we have to take it off at least a couple times a week and it is so big and gets greasy and then where do you put it? the kitchen table? the couch? also, when i take it off and clean it i have a hard time adjusting it back to the right position, so the supports get all loose or out of place. i am still using it because our stove knobs are really easy to manipulate, but it is kind of a pain!
too big for baby's face making it uncomfortable for her and unusable for us. clear ones worked better and she liked those more...
the product and service are excellent, but my grandson just wasn't very interested in it.  it was pretty boring.  the only thing it does is roll.
this utensil is study, but spoon is very shallow and fork is almost useless. my 2 year old is not able to pick up any foods using the spoon and fork...
i was excited to find this bib for my grandson.  i thought the black background would be great for hiding the stains that normally plague baby bibs.  while that is true, i was very disappointed in the appearance of the bib after the first wash.  the decal cracked and withered.
i thought this product would be functional/somewhat adjustable like a regular shower head but it was not!!! would have sent it back but didn't want to waste more of my time!
at 20% polyester these are too scratchy and not absorbent. who would even make a polyester washcloth, it makes no sense!
my son is now 17 months. this is the only diaperbag we use, so it's gotten a lot of use for our outings, travel & daily trips to daycare. we loved it at first, but it is now ripping to shreds, inside & out. the straps have broken, the lining inside is tearing out. i'd suggest buying a good quality regular backpack that has similar features instead of buying this. i expected it to last longer.
i had to return it it was very junky and felt like breaking the watch came broken as well did not think it will last altough the price is good
i love the idea of this seat, however at 3 months old my daughter is already too big for it.<br />it also does not have a vibrating setting, which would have been nice.<br />the straps buckle very high and make it uncomforable for the baby to sit.<br />and does not recline hardly at all. for the price some more thought should have went into some of the basic things the other seats like it offer.
there are several features about this diaper that i really like.<br />it has an opening on both sides and comes with 2 inserts.<br /><br />i don't like that the cover does not seem to be super water proof.  every time i use this diaper my 1 year old leaks.<br />it would also be nice if there was a hip snap to hold things in place.<br /><br />  overall it is not horrible, but i will probably not go out of my way to buy more of this brand.
I decided before my baby was born that I was going to use the soothies, so I stocked up. I just kept being told that they were the only ones that their babies would take! But a friend of mine bought me a pack of MAM pacifiers and my baby loves, loves them! The shape of the nipple is great, and the sterilizing box is awesome. I've only ordered some from Amazon once, and luckily I got blue ones for my son. I've also bought some from Target, who carries all different sizes. I gave some to another friend with a newborn and now her baby girl is hooked too! Such a great product with such cute designs.
the child does not perceive this as a pacifier nipple<br />perceives as a toy.<br />seems need to use just such birth.<br />to this (now) use normal nipples Avent
My son already loved one we received in a gift.  I ordered 2 more and now have 2 pink ones.
This is one of those nonsense things that you think that you need when you are expecting your first baby.  Well, once the baby actually comes you will never use this.  Also, the creepy light made me feel like I was doing something far worse than just rinsing the paci off.
This is hardly a required product for raising a baby. That said, it is kind of handy. It only sterilizes one binky at a time, at about 3 minutes. So you don't want just one binky if you are using this. It is small enough to be packed into a diaperbag. It would make an interesting baby shower gift.
this product was sooooooo bad. water went to my daughter's eyes and she cried. it was our first time try. you shouldn't waste your money for this.
don't waste your time with this product. your child will easily get liquid all over themselves. it doesn't spill but it leaks! how? the nipple is separate from it's base and if your baby clamps down on the nipple and distorts it's shape or pushes the nipple into the bottle (which happens so easily) it unlaches from the orange ring/base around nipple and the liquid comes streaming out.
matches jake set. very adorable rug. husband noticed that detail is not meticulous, over all very minimal but would have liked it to to be perfect. purchased aug 2012
this pouch is not needed - you can barely see it on the side of the britax marathon car seat. i feel it was a waste of $.
the toy box itself looks nice and seems like it will be functional for its purpose. however, the actual assembly of the box very difficult. this was because the manufacturer forgot to drill the holes on the front side of the box for the crossbars. i had to go purchase drill bits and drill the holes myself. this turned what should have been a quick put-together into a huge project. otherwise, it was mostly fine. the board in the bottom doesn't slide in or stay in easily during assembly but i don't know if that is because of an issue with the product beyond this or just from the holes i had to drill myself.
my son doesn't love it. he will pick just about any toy over it. we got this because, at 6 months, he loves to bang on things. i think he passes this toy over, however, because it is so sensitive to the slightest touch, as another review states. there's no \\cause and effect.\\ also, i do not see how this toy can roll to promote crawling. the sides are not firm enough.
The Pipila Portable Pacifier Sterilizer is something I thought would come in handy, having two twins who are beginning to teethe, but there are some issues that stop this from being an everyday-use kind of product. The item itself seems terribly flimsy, and just has a cheap feel, much cheaper than I would expect from a product that's more expensive than a lot of competing products. Maybe it's composed of a tough, lightweight plastic, but if something looks cheap and feels cheap, well, let's just say it doesn't inspire a lot of confidence in a product.<br /><br />The next concern is battery life, which is rather poor. I guess those UV rays must take a lot of juice, because a fresh set of batteries doesn't last very long. That leads in to wondering just how well this thing works, especially when the batteries start to die down a bit. It takes about 3 minutes to sterilize a pacifier, but there's no real way to know how well it's working. Also, the directions tell you to rinse off the pacifier prior to use, so that might limit just how useful it is when you're on-the-go. Ultimately, I just wonder if using this is really any better than rinsing off the pacifier under very hot tap water.<br /><br />I wanted to like the Pipila Portable Pacifier Sterilizer, but at the end of the day, it just leaves me wondering if it's doing the job. I can see it having a place for people going out-of-town for a bit and wanting something available to help sterilize a pacifier if they're staying away from home, but the need for water (to rinse the pacifier) and the size (small, but not that small) limits its usefulness for those truly on-the-go, while there are better, cheaper ways to get the job done when you're at home.
Our first daughter did not take to the pacifier, but our second sure does! A friend recommended this brand after trying many with her daughter. We found this brand to stay in the best and keeps her nose clear as it is small.
i bought these as extras and they give me peace of mind that i will never have a delay in using the breast pump.
you may need to buy some extra parts for installation, but its worth it once you install it. water pressure is nice.
we bought these for our twin sons and it didn't take long for them to realize that the bowl can be pushed around on the tray even after suctioning it down.  these caused quite a mess as they were thrown across the dining room.  however, as they got older and learned how to use spoons more, these bowls have worked out well because they are easy for them to scoop out of and hold just the right amounts.
i should have read the other reviews ... this duck doesn't stay upright.  seriously, what's the point of having a duck if it can only lay on it's side????
my daughter hates it. she can't get past it. now we have peace of mind knowing that she won't get under our feet in the kitchen. great should have bought it sooner.
the inside is soooooooo soft. i really like this diaper but there is just way too much wing droop. my daughter is 32inches and 20lbs with a tiny waist. i have to snap in on the 4th button for her and the wings hang out the side. i find it to big in the waist to really love. also its not very trim between the legs. other than that i love the softness, the gussets, and its extremely well made.
i did so much research on the double strollers and found that the valco zee 2 had all that i wanted.  however, when i received it i was a bit disappointed.  the hoods, although they cover a lot of area, felt very flimsy and seemed to be made of cheap material.  also, i didn't like the way it didn't stay folded in when not in use, it looked sloppy. the main reason i ended up returning it was because of the way the stroller folded. it did not fold easy at all. i had to push it down really hard in order to get it to collapse.  and sometimes it wouldn't even fold at all. i'm used to the baby jogger city mini which folds incredibly easy, so this was very difficult.  therefore, i opted to return it & will be ordering the baby jogger city mini double when it comes out in a few weeks.<br />i did give it 2 stars because the stroller was very easy to maneuver with my 2 kids in it and the basket was huge & very accessible.  unfortunately, i just couldn't get past the difficulty in folding the stroller.
i received this product as a gift, and before ever using it, showed it to our baby's doctor. he was appalled and told (begged) me to never use it. the insertion tip is too long and can cause tears in the baby's rectum. i realize so many other reviewers found relief for their babies in pain, but i wanted to pass on what our doctor recommended and suggest that before using, please check with your own doctor.
i purchased this gate to put at the top of my stairs, which are 34\\ wide.  since this products states that it fits doorways that are 29-40\\ wide, i figured, \\no problem!\\  wrong!  the 34\\ is just a bit too narrow to use the extension for the gate, so i had to extend the screws fully out from the gate to make it fit (about 4-5\\ of screw on each side).  this made the gate incredibly flimsy and shaky.  i am returning the gate, which is frustrating after putting 4 holes in my wall!
this may was just okay for the price. the blanket was very soft, however there was almost no padding in the mat, i wouldnt even say it was a half inch thick. i spent more than the mat cost buying extra quilt batting and material to make it thicker.
i was the mom that was worried about flat head syndrome, especially for my little girl who i wanted to grow up with a perfectly shaped head. =)<br />i purchased this pillow, after talking with my friend who recommended it. it's quite pricey for what it is but i figured how could i put a price on having a nice shaped head for my baby.<br /><br />as a small infant, i bought this when she was about 2 months old, she didn't like it very much and would wake up when we would put her on it. it took some time for her to get used to it. i only used it for about a month or two (until she could start rolling over) and i guess it helped the shape. i wasn't that great with making her do tummy time as a newborn, but eventually they get better at it and because i thought i didn't do enough tummy time, that probably added to me making the decision to get this pillow.<br /><br />the back of her head isn't flat but my husband (who is very observant) thinks this pillow made a different shape to her head. the shape of a baby head that was in a donut shape... i can't really describe what shape that is.... i see what he is saying but its better than a flat back of the head and i know now that she's 6 months old and sleeping all over the crib in various positions, i think her head would have rounded out on its own anyway.<br /><br />this is not a must have item in my opinion. its a good to have item if you are paranoid about the shape of your baby's head, but i think what the books and dr's say is true- unless the baby only likes to sleep on his/her back even as older kids, they will eventually round out their head anyway. but if you talk to my friend she would tell you to buy two- but her baby's head isn't perfectly shaped either. i see the shape my husband refers to as \\looks like its been in the donut\\ shape more prominently on my friends baby's head...
the monitor shipped quickly and description was very accurate. the monitor it the best i have used so far the screen quality is excellent when the lights are on how ever when all the lights r off or if there's no night light it's hard to see the image of the child but since we are scared of \\monster\\ lol that's no problem for us! i wish they would add a facebook or internet option so if i wanted to upload it to facebook i could... i love the face it has the scan feature . i have 2 kids in the room and i can go from one bed to the next in a quick second. over all i love this monitor and i would recomind it to friends!!!!
we were excited to purchase the product after reading about such good reviews on it.  in general we are happy with all of it's functions.  our only problem is that the battery seems to die out fairly fast.  we did everything according to the instruction manual (charging it fully before use, draining it each time, etc etc), and still it seems like the battery is only good for one use for the entire day.<br /><br />that's the only thing i would wish they would improve about the product, otherwise it serves its purpose well.
I got these for my son when he was around two months. Prior to that I had used the smaller size in Mams (Mam Start). This is the only brand our son likes, when I would give him a different brand he would just spit it out. I love the cute designs, although it says colors may vary and we were sent pink, oh well! I also got the Mam pacifier clip.
these are basic bottles, at a cheap price.  they have a slow flow nipple that vent well, the nipples are actually different colors which i thought was really cute.  i bought 3 3packs and none have leaked yet.  i always buy the [[asin:b000mqsjqo nuby 2 pack soft sipper replacement spout, clear]] for transitioning to sippies to get my money out of the bottles i buy and these fit perfectly.
my wife picked out this stroller for our twins.  the stroller wrks fine and i have no problems with it once it is opened.  when i am not around, though, this stroller could hurt my wife.  this thing is heavy.  it is especially heavy for a woman who has reccently given birth.  my wife is also short.  my biggest issue with this stroller is how it opens.  imagine holding your hand out, palm down.  now touch your fingertips to your palm.  with your fingers touching your palm in this position: this is how the stroller waits to be opened.  imagine this: pick up the heavy, folder strolller out of the minivan.  set it on the ground.  now lift the handles... the stroller opens away from you.  my wife literally has to lift the entire stroller off the ground while opening it.  it says it is spring-loaded to ease opening but it doesnt help her at all.  is it possible we are doing it wrong?  maybe.  but i don't think so.  i've read the manual.  when it closes it literally is pulled away from you about five feet.  pull the latch and guide it down.... then i have to let go or get on my knees and follow it.  i have come to hate this stroller because of this.<br /><br />as far as a wide stroller is concerned, get ready for difficulty getting into and out of many stores.  we have found that it is very difficult to navigate a wide stroller in this \\i have only one kid\\ world.
this product never got to my house it has been a month and i have contacted them twice it shows it sitting somewhere in wisconsin. and they won't do anything about it!!
i bought this thinking it was one of the vanilla flavored teethers. (maybe because it clearly says vanilla in the title of this product) it definitely was not. after my first shipment was lost, the seller quickly sent out another. (although i did end up waiting twice as long)<br />i guess we can toss it in the baby bag as a 'just-in-case' toy. my daughter definitely prefers the actual sophie instead of the ring anyway.<br /><br />also i was thrilled to find this particular sophie for half the price as places such as babies r us. but the shipping cost the same amount as the product. :( which i thought seemed a little ridiculous. but i still continued with the purchase, it was still $2 less than most other sellers & chains.
unfortunately these are the \\best\\ items sold in the usa for keeping your younglings in a \\safe\\ place.  this product is easily movable and wobbles, regardless of the shape you put it in.  the only way we were able to get it to stay still (because yes it is the best sold here in the usa) was for us to anchor it.  even then it still wobbles and moves just not as bad.
disappointed that there were no instructions on how to put the child in the trailer. it was confusing since i've never used one before. one of the lower straps had a broken ring and the belt buckle didn't click well; i was concerned my daughter would get out of the straps. she slipped down and out of the shoulder straps. we will have to use pillows to prop her up and can't currently use one side since that ring is broken.
The paci itself is absolutely fine, but I'm giving it a four star review because of the misleading title.  They don't carry this paci in stores near me and I thought I was receiving a two pack.  I received only one and it would have been nice to know because I could have ordered more at the time.  Now I'll have to reorder and wait.  Someone really needs to stay on top of the listings.  It's very frustrating having to read around everywhere for some info.  That's not my job.
this always seemed like such a hassle to get on the moby wrap was way easier- would have thought this would be simpler to throw on and buckle but adjusting all the belts and getting him in is a pain. tried to use it more once he got too heavy for the moby and realize how much of a hassle it is. we tried to spend 10 minutes (me and my sister) getting it on my husband so he could walk to teh store with the baby. we gave up after trying to adjust the straps to fit him, get baby in comfortably, rethread the belt (mentioned on some other reviews)...we finally gave up and he took the stroller.
i hate this diaper pail. you have to push down and pull up to drop the diaper in which is not an easy task when you have a dirty diaper in your hand. gross! i wish i registered for the one that had a foot peddle. oh and it's a never ending expense with having to buy the refill bags but thats with all the diaper pails.
i was informed last minute that my aunt was throwing a baby shower for my mother, and i couldn't make it. as a result, i was shopping around for a gift that i could have shipped to the house. i thought these looked cute and wasn't too disappointed when i saw then, although the quality isn't great. the monkey images are just stickers and the one on the pacifier has faded pretty fast (not a huge deal, but still  . . .). my biggest complaint is that the product doesn't describe the nipple size. i assumed that the 4oz ones would work for a baby under three months, but the flow was too high. now that she is 3 mos old and eating somewhere closer to 6oz, she can finally use them. basically, i don't think we're going to get a whole lot of use out of the smaller bottles and, had the product description warned me of that, i probably would have elected to buy something else.
the item dimensions arent as specified.  when they are on the stairwell they can't be made tight enough even with tools to uphold consistent t usage so they slip and the gate doesnt  hold in place.  beware even though they are to protect the wood from unnecessary drilling they need to be drilled into place to stay put.  more of a hassle the. a help in the end.  we are returning these as they are not what the company claims and don't work as the company claims they will.  also be prepared to buy your own screws as they send one size and if you need smaller they tell you to buy them yourself.
i would like to warn everyone about this company:  i ordered new hello kitty core front window fold up sunshade for $21.26 and this item has the hello kitty sitting down waving and the big hello kelly sign and the color of shade is pink , light pink.<br /><br />when i received the item it is red and it is totally different and it has hello kitty standing up,,,, obviously not the same item i ordered!<br /><br />i should have read the review before i ordered the item, this company is a con!!!!!<br />someone had similar problem and i should have read it!!!<br /><br />my mistake for not reading review!!<br /><br />if i can give a 0 star i would but it let me select 1 for i hate it!! star<br /><br />i do not want any problems so i decided to keep it, even though i received the wrong item!!!!!!<br /><br />bad seller!  warning before u purchase here  !!! warning!!!
the thermometer is totally counter-intuitive. if you've lost the directions, you'll never figure out how to get it working. even if you do, the readings are totally inaccurate and range by several degrees over a few minutes. i'm going to the drugstore to get a normal, under the tongue, old-fashioned thermometer right now.
the idea is good but it's not living up to it's promises.  it takes a while to heat up and you must heat it up in hot water. you can't microwave it so it's not a convenient solution and it can only cover one area of the breast.<br /><br />these were okay for cold use however and did provide some relief to my aching breasts.
i bought this item for my wife. she had been trying to get our 7 month old to start eating with a spoon. needless to say baby girl is head strong and ill give her that being a premature baby. she was 4 months early. so these were a godsend.  first they came 1 day early with 2 day shipping and it was packaged well, bubble wrap thingy?? and had the shipping label in box. i ordered green but its more turquoise. which is cool. it was easy to clean \\ hand wash\\ and put back together but the tops/caps dont work so travel will not be an option. that's why i gave it 4 stars. other than that i think they are great. these negative reviews are weird. you really have to be \\ simple\\ if you cant work/put together a bottle. the instructions are on the back of the package. just saying. i would recommend this to anyone who just need one thing to go smoothly in their day.
Honestly, the manufacturer says that this sterilizes pacifiers, but I have a very hard time believing them.  Now, I've not done any scientific tests, but this thing is very cheap looking/feeling plastic, takes a few AAA batteries and when you press it down (sometimes) a very ordinary light comes on and then switches off after awhile. Again, it may work, but if I had to bet whether it did or didn't, I would whole heartedly bet on that it didn't. The manufacturers might do well to either make the light brighter or make the thing hum or vibrate so it looks like it is doing something, but no - a normal light comes on and then it goes off and miraculously the pacifier that just fell on the floor is supposed to be sterile? I don't know.<br /><br />I do know that if it has snot on it or small pieces of dust or dirt, they don't fall off. They don't look different after going into this gadget, so I would save myself the money and buy some wipes that will at least get the junk off of a pacifier that falls on the ground or your kid has been sucking on forever, because at least it cleans it off.  It is up to you to decide whether to believe this cheap feeling imported machine actually sterilizes, but if you're a skeptic like me, save your money.
I was pretty disappointed at how breakable this is. It seems very flimsy and for the price I was not impressed at all. Wish I hadn't of purchased it.
This is pretty easy to use. Just put in batteries, place the pacifier on top, push down and wait till the germ-killing light goes off. It's nice to be able to use it when a binkie falls on the germy floor!<br /><br />My only complaint is that it's not really designed to take with you in a diaper bag or purse: the hard plastic could potentially break, but more importantly the lid is very easy to flip open and it could probably be levered into a position where it snaps off as a result.<br /><br />Nice addition to a nursery, though!
I gave this product a 4-star rating because we didn't have it long enough to figure out how it worked. I got this for my grandchild. She is very finicky and for some reason likes to spit her pacifier out of her mouth. I honestly thinks that she likes to see up jump for it. At any rate, once she does this, we rinse the pacifier and put in the sterilizer, however, after having it for only a few days it was destroyed. My granddaughter wanted to play another game of catch the binky and when she spit it out, her mother's knee-jerk reaction was to try to catch the pacifier before it went to the floor, however, in the process, she knocked over the sterilizer and the plastic shattered to pieces. So, I think it would be unfair to ding a product for something that was caused by human error. From what I could tell, the product did what it was designed for, but I cannot be 100% certain. Sorry guys.
For the price, I was a little disappointed that this felt and looked kind of flimsy.  Nonetheless, I figure if it does what it says, nice, right?  However, the friend I gave it to admitted that it's gone pretty much unused - she always has an extra pacifier in her bag, and she just throws the other one in the side pocket to be put in the dishwasher at home.  I can understand once I look at it - like another reviewer mentioned, it can't be used on its side (like just activated and thrown in the diaper bag).  Because it has to be on a level surface, it's not really that great for using on the go unless you have time to wait - like at a coffee shop or restaurant, friend's house, etc.  According to my pal, those trips require so much packing anyway that an extra binky is a must, making this a little inconvenient.  I think if it could be used in a more portable manner, it'd be more useful.
This is a feel safe type product.  Just another precaution to take to make sure things are clean before you stick them into your baby's mouth.<br /><br />The problem with these type items is that you never know if they are doing their job as advertised.  You have to trust that they are.<br /><br />It took a while to figure out how to open this thing and get it working.  Not sure why it was so complicated, or seemed to be.  But once I figured it out it was easy to use after.<br /><br />Very small to carry around with you and if you want to feel a bit more safe then take the few seconds to put that pacifier through the sterilizer for that secure feeling.
Ok, so the materials that make up this device isn't the best.  It feels flimsy, like it would break easily.  It's small enough that you can take this around with you where ever you go. You just push a button and it tells you if the pacificer has been sterialized.  Like other reviewers, if there's  way to actually know if this little cheap-feeling device actually does what it say, i'm all good.  Anyways, i'm giving this review assuming, the green light actually translates to being sterilized.
I simply must agree with the other reviews: I genuinely do not know if this product works. I wish I owned one of those CSI black-light contaminant detectors and then I could definitively report my findings. In the meantime, I found myself reluctant to use a human subject for this trial. (As in, If the baby gets sick, then we can report that the Pipila does not properly sanitize. That's not an option.) It is awfully small, awfully light, and awfully inexpensive ... however, I could say the same about the Sonicare sanitizers and those DO work!<br /><br />What surprised me was how convenient the Pipila is. It is much, much smaller than I expected (like REALLY small). Likewise, it adds virtually no weight to the diaper-bag (but, yes, its spherical construction does consume much-needed space). Conversely, for a travel item, it does seem a bit fragile (and I see numerous reports of breakage here).<br /><br />Here is my opinion: carry an extra pacifier (or two) in the diaper bag (just in case one drops on the floor) and sterilize them with your bottles at home. It will give you much more peace-of mind.
I push down the button and the little light comes on.  That means it's working, right?  Well, I can't honestly be sure because there is no way to test whether the pacifier is steralized or not.  What I do know, however, is steralization does not equal clean.  A dirty pacifier can be put in this gizmo and come out just as dirty.  So if there is dried milk or anything else on the pacifier, clean it first.<br /><br />Regarding the steralizer's construction, it appears fairly simplistic, maybe even cheap.  Plastic parts that just scream easily broken appear to constitute the entire device, but I could be wrong because I'm not going to waste time reverse engineering it.<br /><br />It's peace of mind, nothing more.
This is a cute, space age device. Though it has some problems:<br /> 1) It burns through batteries quickly, so using rechargeable AAA batteries (e.g., [[ASIN:B003VLAEPQ Sanyo Eneloop Ni-MH Charger and 8 Rechargeable AA and 4 Rechargeable AAA Batteries]]) is particularly advisable.<br /> 2) Unverifiable. Unclear if it really works with 3 minutes of UV light - boiling feels much more reliable<br /> 3) Although it's small, it's still a bulky addition to a baby/diaper bag, could be cheaper and smaller to bring multiple pacifiers and sterilize them in bulk later.<br /> 4) Flimsier than you'd hope for the price<br /><br />All that said, it can be cute and handy.
Not crazy about the color but after a over a month of use, we really like this product. I'm a huge germ phobe. I carry hand wipes & like to sanitize everything! It fits well in the diaper bag and so it goes everywhere. I have had no problems with mine. We use the energizer rechargeables and it still was working up to a little over a dozen uses. The price is a little steep in my opinion but I'm glad we have it!
This is the first review that I've had to put in all caps. If I could prevent another parent from saving their hard earned money then I'm going to try doing so. I'm a mom of a now 4 month old and saving money is my business. Yes I got this for free and it's a good thing I did because it would have been back in the mail to Amazon within a week which is all of what it lasted while I had it.<br /><br />Yes it's a great idea but unfortunately they didn't make a great product. Does it actually sterilize your baby's pacifier? I'm not entirely sure that it really does.<br /><br />It's pretty simple to use. You do need 2 AAA batteries that are not included. You put your baby's pacifier in the compartment, close the lid and the UV light comes on. It turns off after about 3 minutes and it claims that the pacifier is clean. I'd stick with inserting this in your Avent steam or electric sterilizer or boiling it in a pan of water. I must also say that its kind of bulky so if you have a very small baby bag this might not be what you want to take with you. Instead get some of those baby pacifier wipes. I have a [[ASIN:B001DKHPD6 Ju Ju Be Be All Diaper Bag, Lotus Lullaby]] and it took up quite a bit of space.<br /><br />I'm also really getting very skeptical about those 5 star vine reviews. Did any of them really use the product for more than one day? I'd go with the AMAZON VERIFIED PURCHASED reviews. None of them gave it 5 and barely any 4. Goes to show you exactly what kind of product this really is.
I like the basic format of this machine. It's battery operated and portable, does exactly what it says, and is just a cool thing to have around for when your baby drops it's nuk. The only problem I can see is the 3 minute wait time for full sterilization. As most of us know a screaming child can make 3 minutes seem like an eternity. If you have multiple nuks this is perfect. But I never carry multiple ones so theres always a wait. I like the peace of mind of a germ free pacifier, so I give this one a Curly special, nuk nuk nuk. I know, bad joke, thanks you ladies and germs.
This is a great product idea. I mean, how many times does the little one drop his pacifier? All the time! And you surely don't want to have to wash it a million times a day (hoping the germs get off that way)... or maybe you just pick up the pacifier and blow it off then hand it back... but, the solution to this is the Pipila. It's a great idea. In just moments the pacifier is sterilized and ready to go back to baby. However, for $35 I expect something a little more sturdy that this gizmo. I am on the fence as whether or not to recommend this product to anyone because of this; hence the three stars. If it were built stronger I would definitely give it more  stars and a high recommendation.
way small but super well made.  love theaterial but can't saying more about it since couldn't even use them cause they were sooo tiny. and cute
As soon as I put this in my daughters mouth she began to choke. I turned her over and had to pat her back and watch her choke. She was gasping for air as I was screaming and crying. Why would they make this product for infants!!! She coughed her medicine up with her foamy saliva. I was so terrified. She started to turn red and i just cradled her in my arms when she began breathing again. If I could give this product ZERO stars I WOULD!! Do not waste your money or put your child's life in danger!!
I expected this to be more like a bottle nipple where the baby would suck the medicine out... instead it just lets the medicine drain freely into her mouth. It didn't work for us unfortunately.
my daughter got these as a gift. she loves bath toys and i hate the mildew her other squirting toys accumulate, so i thought these would be great, but i was disappointed. the toys are much too hard for a baby/toddler to squirt and don't squirt well even when i push them (when you squeeze them, water and air comes out of the middle where the parts meet). after a few tries, i put them away.
we ordered this booster and delivery was flawless, as usual with amazon. however, upon opening the product, i already felt the poor construction. i put both halves together, and could move it several inches front to back while \\locked\\. the manual stated that \\a little play was normal\\, and i could have lived with that. i couldn't get it to snap into the second position. that again i could have lived with. the major flaw, however, was that the headrest adjustment does not stay up. any movement will bring it down. video reviews only show people moving it up and down with one hand. when my daughter got in the car seat, down went the head rest. readjusted, and when she got out, same thing happened. not only is it inconvenient, it is just unsafe. if the headrest was down or went down in an accident, it could really injure the neck of the child (my daughter is 6, 52 inches with a long torso. when the headrest comes down it really hits her shoulder/neck area). what a shame, as we had a wonderful car seat ([[asin:b004ebux80 safety 1st complete air 65 protect convertible car seat, silver leaf]]) that actually protected our son during a major crash. the van was t-boned, flipped and dragged, our son didn't cry even once. the air feature really works, but it makes no sense to put a good feature on a terrible product. it is going back to amazon this week.
this product appeared to be a kit to make a nice, hard plaster ornament or keepsake, but the end result is actually a bendable, cheap-looking mold. that is, if you're successful in completing the project.<br />the good news is it works for capturing the precious handprint or footprint of your little one while he/she is still so little. and the kit came with enough putty for me to make a mold of my daughter's newborn handprint and footprint and even a footprint mold for our yorkie.<br />unfortunately, the kit as a whole is pathetic. the strip of plastic to be used as a \\cookie cutter\\ for the putty is very difficult to get into a decent circle or oval, and the putty is so sticky that if you get a good shape, you probably can't keep it. in addition, the little wooden roller used to flatten the surface of the putty only sticks to it and pulls it up from the work surface. i ended up using an empty plastic pill bottle which worked much much better. as if that's not enough, the instructions start off talking about using a hand for the impression, but by the end of it, they're talking about a foot!<br />still easy enough to follow... but if you're going to sell a product, you should at the very least proofread the instructions, and maybe practice it yourself once, just to see if it works with the tools provided. in my experience, it didn't.<br />as huge as the baby product industry is, there's got to be a better product out there than this.
purchased 4 of these thinking they would be perfect for our toddler who was recently weaned off her bottle.  the first thing that drew me to them was the straw.  our daughter is still learning the concept of tipping her head back to get her milk/water/juice, so those kinds of cups were out.  the second thing i liked about it twist 'n click straw cup was that it had boldly written on the packaging \\leak-proof guarantee\\.  the last thing that drew me to them was their adorable design.  something fun and girly for my little.<br /><br />the truth is that this cup leaks. a lot. my daughter has now found it more facinating to shake the cup upside down and watch the drips of milk come falling down onto our dog or even better, the leather seats in our suv.  fantastic when you combine milk and 70+ degree weather.  the other major issue with this cup is that it over flows on its own.  i will fill up the cup to the inside line (assuming it is playtex's way of indicating a \\fill line\\), then twist the cup until it meet the \\lock zone\\ indicated on the cup coordinating with the little arrow on the lid.  then set it down on the counter, table, high chair, etc.  come back in a minute and you've got a puddle of liquid with bubbles come up out from the straw.  great, another mess to clean up that not even my mobile toddler had anything to do with.<br /><br />bottom line: don't buy this product.  90% of the time i check amazon reviews before i purchase things because it is more than helpful in making good purchases. wish i had looked on amazon before purchasing these cups.  it is now a great bath toy.
i purchased this play pen 3 months ago, it's never been used other than to hold toys and there is a large tear in the seam on the front (just like another reviewer) which makes it a strangulation hazard. the company was very rude when i called and finally said i have to pay to ship it back to them for it to be repaired (it's heavy and would probably cost $20 just to ship it back). the fact that this has torn from no use makes me wonder how they have not been recalled. also the pad in the bottom is not big enough, there are gaps on each side, which also seems very unsafe. i would not trust that my child would be safe in this and i would not recommend this company or this product.
although i love the color and trim and the idea that it is organic cotton, i am looking for a new hooded towel and wash cloth for my baby.  the terry is very thin, and it is so rough i cannot believe it is intended for a baby...i would not even want to use the wash cloth on myself.
i have this bather for my son and i have always wrung it out and hung it up to dry after every use and always wash it in the machine once a week and still it has mold spots! it is quite disgusting and the pillow part smells. although the functionality of this seat was nice, they need to use a better fabric that is anti microbial. i am putting this in the trash today and am searching for something better as we speak!
i bought these bottles and i thought they would leak.. and i am so right! they did leak! i really liked them.. and they seemed like a good idea.. but i have had them leak each and every time. when you are breast pumping your breast milk is like gold. you can't just mix up another bottle.... dislike!
this bottle was better than some but not the best for us. i like the shape as it is like a breast and allows for a good latch however the nipple is somewhat awkwardly shaped and not very flexible. my little one didn't like it. also the venting could be better as well. the best bottle that we have found is the playtex that uses the drop in liners...shaped perfectly and is soft/flexible and the drop in liners allow for proper suction/venting.
on the surface this looks like a good company, as they are carried by baby r us and other fine retailers. i actually received three baby trend items as gifts for my baby shower. i received the monkey around play yard, monkey bouncer, and the monkey high chair. the play yard and the bouncer were both missing pieces that i had to call the company and order. the pieces were mailed, but upon inspection, i was mailed the wrong pieces. i had to call again to get the right part.  a week later i had a friend over with their child and offered my baby trend feeding chair for use. i had put it together a month earlier to make sure there were no missing pieces this time. however, as i tried to undo the safety buckles, the release clamp was fused shut on one side, and the other took two people to pull apart. i would understand if one product from them was defective, but three back to back? it's really unacceptable from a company that charges money for products that don't work, are missing pieces. how hard is it to make a product of plastic pieces that fit together??!!
disappointed with this product.  the ink pad arrived dry as a bone.  i had to sprinkle water on it which created a horrible mess.  did not wash off easily as described on label.  my son still has ink under his nails from 2 weeks ago!  would not purchase again.
we have had this egg since our baby was born and at first it freaked my husband out. the temperature settings are more in line with preferences in countries outside of the us, in particular europe. the preferred settings for the thermometer are in the 60's. here in georgia our room temperatures are rarely ever below 70, so the egg is constantly orange or red with it's dismal frowny face showing. i have not had issues with sensitivity, often when i sit next to it in the glider to breast feed it flares up to 80 because my body heat. overall it is accurate, though it's preferred settings don't often agree with our home settings.
at first i realized that the replacement wasn't as big as the one that the sippy cup comes with, but that didn't seem like a problem till i used it.<br /><br />what a messssss. since the diameter is smaller and doesn't match the diameter of the lid, when your child is drinking it leaks from the boarders. i just doesn't attach well. i will upload some pictures later so i can better explain myself.<br /><br />anyway, every time my son used the sippy cup with the replacements he would get entirely wet from the leaks.<br /><br />i wanted to return them, but unfortunately i didn't have the time or the energy. a total waste of money!<br /><br />fyi, i think these sippy cups are great. but since my son chews them and start leaking, it is a shame that they sell a replacement that doesn't work as one.
my daughter wants more for their baby. it keeps her neck dry when breast or bottle feeding and it is comfortable for mother and baby. i wish these were around when i had babies.  i hated the milk pooling around their necks.  a must for every baby.
i was let down by the packaging on these wipes.  when i got them they were completely dry.  completely dry.  i struggled with opening them for half an hour.  (so much for easy open tops!).  i finally gave up, and retrieved and washed the plastic baby wipe container i had just discarded from my last set of baby wipes, and used scissors to open this package.  i ran some water in the container and let it soak up.  i was able to use them in a few days, but they didn't smell at all, and were hard to pull apart.  (maybe because i had to wet them down, so they stuck together more than they did originally?)  i checked the original packaging, and if there was a hole, it was small enough that when i tried to squish the air out of the package, it wouldn't let me.<br /><br />the only thing saving these from a one star rating was that i was able to salvage them and use them.  they did the trick, for all the problems i had.
i love these spouts, i used them for my first daughter and was trying to find replacements for the cups for my second daughter that just started using sippy cups. i am glad i found them on amazon!
we have had this product for about two weeks now and is doing a great job. i do not think it should have cost $50, because the material is not the best if you have a very determined child, which i do not have thankfully. we bought the product because my daughter suddenly decided to try to climb out of the crib, and is no where near being ready for a toddler bed. she is 2 yrs old next month. she actually likes the tent effect so has little interest in trying to climb out now, though i occasionally see her trying to when i go to check up on her. we have a thick foam mattress so can bend it a little to change the sheets so we do not have a problem changing the sheets.
well my husband is huge cowboys fan, so for our grandson these looked so cool, and we have orderd the baby bottles for him and loved them, any way back to the sippy cups, they suck. my grandson turned red trying to suck on them and then throw them, my husband tried to get juice through them,and could not get a drop, so yes they are spill proof, but also drinkable proof too. look cool but kinda useless.
i am really disappointed with this wet bag. the bag doesn't keep the moisture in. i put a soiled diaper in the bag, zipped it up and placed it in my diaper bag. i later returned to find that my clean diapers were damp from placing the bag on top of them. i have to place a plastic bag around the outside so nothing else will get wet. had i known this about the bag i would not have purchased.
didnt really serve the purpose . i had to keep checking on it every time my baby was on it.
although the design of these is to wind the cord shorter, when a window is open and blinds are drawn the cord does get longer. i left a room for 30 seconds and came back to see that my son had pulled the cord down and had it wrapped around his neck. terrifying. although these do pop open easily, they most definitely did not pop open from the pressure of a child's neck which i find to be a serious design flaw. from a company named safety 1st - back to the drawing board on these!
glowing globes were nice, but do not rotate.  the only thing that rotates is not a focal point of the unit, and is tiny.  music adjustment is 3 levels of volume:  off, super-quiet and quiet, neither of which is suitable if you use white noise machines as it's not loud enough.  the projector is a farce.  i thought i got a good deal, but an old school, mechanical wind-up beats the pants off this thing.  assembly is easy and construction seems sturdy enough.  in the end for such an impressive-looking feature set on paper, this mobile is quite a dull immobile.<br /><br />would not buy again.
the color is great, the material is super soft & washes well. . however, the elastic gives out making the sheet useless! i would not recommend that anyone buy this. loose bedding in a crib is very dangerous, carters needs to change the elastic used in making these sheets.
this was a poorly handled transaction from jj cole.  they pre-advertised this bag for pre-ordering, which i did.  then weeks later, it was delayed.  well, babies don't get delayed, so my friend was patiently waiting for the bag i told her i would buy as a baby gift.  delay after delay after delay, i finally got an e-mail saying it was sent.  i didn't even have an option to cancel the order.  now, as the baby is six-months old, it is nice that the bag finally arrived.  my friend had to use one of those re-usable \\green\\ grocery sacks.  just pitiful.  and, the bag seems much smaller in person than it appears as advertised.
As with almost all of the other reviews, which I basically ignored, the battery life does not last.  We bought this to take on an international trip so that we would not be constantly worrying about dirty pacifiers on the plane and in the airport.  We did not even make it from the states to Europe without the batteries dying. And we put fresh batteries the day we left. Better to buy pacifier wipes.
in theory, this is a great idea.  i'm not sure if i got a \\bum\\ dispenser, but there is no way to get the bags out other than cranking the bottom then pulling a few inches and repeating several times.  neither my husband nor i have been able to pull the bags out at all without using this method, which always takes two hands.  i am better off forgetting about the dispenser and simply using the rolls by themselves.  i gave it 2 stars because the bags have been great, once out of the dispenser.  they have a pleasant odor, not too strong, but just enough to mask the diaper smell and allow us to dispose of them in the trash instead of running outside to the bin every diaper change.  we are almost done with the roll that came with the dispenser and so far no problems with bag construction.  my advice is to forget the dispenser and just get the refill rolls.  the roll is compact and fits in a small pocket of your diaper bag...at least better than grocery bags stuffed at the bottom.
i bought this for my 5 month old as a christmas present after reading all the great reviews about it. she is not that interested in this toy right now. she has other toys that have the touch/feel/sound concept similar to this one and likes them but doesn't seem to like this one. maybe she will with time...
there is a hard plastic board on the back of the seat padding which is not safe for children who like to rest their heads on it. my baby had a cut on the back of her head when she turned from one direction to another. the plastic board is sharp enough to cut the skin as the fabric of the seat padding is thin.
the first bag i took out of the box leaked. i've since been testing each bag before use. used four more, one of which also leaked. will not be buying more of these after i finish the box that was purchased.
i am extremly dissappointed with this product.  the bassinet is not sturdy, it falls in and hugs baby somewhat.  the mattress pad is awful and thin.  we have now placed the baby in the bottom and there is a bar that you can feel through the padding.  i have called evenflo and they are not concerned about about helping me.  they documented my concerns and told me sorry you don't like your product.  wow, will never buy a product from them if they do not care about trying to help a customer with a not so great product.
wanted the newton's cradle for my grandchildren. for adult use it is fine but small & too delicate for children, it tangles very easily.
i loved this wipe warmer at first...it has a nice light. it warmed up wipes within 2 hours. the wipes were a nice temperature.  but all of the sudden, ours stopped working.  i bought a replacement moisture pad (not sure of the actual name) that goes in the bottom of the warmer and still, no luck.  what good is a $35 dollar wiper for 2 1/2 months?
Cuts wifi voice activation doesn't work so cheap i did buy bc 100$ not even worh 40$ levana 501 the best after trying 4 monitor whit in 2 week
this toy is amazing. i've never seen a hand boiler before. i bought this for my 10 year old daughter. i think i'll play with it more than she will! it's very educational if you look into how it works. love it.
this is the absolutely most horrible potty! the seat absorbs all liquid, and makes the seat smell like old urine! i can not get the smell out either. i always wipe down the seat with a damp cloth when my son is done with it, but that doesn't help. i have emailed safety 1st and all they want to do is send me a new seat. for what its just going to get smelly again. they only thing this potty is good for is the step stool. horrible!!! do not buy this potty!!!
i returned this item the same day it arrived.  one other review stated that it looked like it came from the dollar store and i would have to agree. it has a space for a plug for a/c power but no adapter was included and it was not compatible with any adapter i had.
this product was recommended to me by a co-worker and it also comes with a 'foot' but when i ordered both, i received 2 hands; but in all fairness, the seller had indicated that there is a possibility that i would not be able to get the foot and i was fine with that. my son has yet to take an interest in this product at all. we tried all types of ways to get him to use it especially now that his teeth are breaking but he tossed it on the floor several times and he started to cry each time we gave it to him. it is not ideal for younger babies as it is simply too big. i am not sure if the foot is better but the hand did not work for my son and at all. we had invested in other teething toys which seem to work so much better than this one. this is filed under \\oh well, i tried, but it did not work for us\\.
i bought this cup because my daughter loves mickey mouse and she is having difficulties transitioning to a cup. she will drink water from a sippy cup but not milk. so this was going to be her \\special milk cup\\. she loved that it was mickey on the cup. this cup leaks and is very difficult to take apart to clean. perhaps it works better with an older child but i wouldn't recommend it to a friend.
as many reviewers have remarked, this gate has a propensity for failing. the locking mechanism for the telescoping bar failed on the first one that i bought after 2 weeks.  wanting to believe the best, we exchanged it for another one...that quickly failed in the same way.  i admit that this is a great idea for an adjustable gate, design makes sense and it is otherwise well-conceived. if evenflo figured out how to make the locking mechanism work and not fail, i would have given it 5 stars.  problem is, it failed in the most important part that secures the gate.  this makes the gate unstable and dangerous to kids.  please do not make the same mistake that i did (twice). \\fool me once...\\
ordered for my sons baptism. the quality was great and it looked so cute, but the buttons wouldn't stay shut and i had to safety pin the crotch to keep it in place. this may have been because it was too small......but my son is 19 lbs, 10 months old so i thought  the 12 mo size would be perfect. it was up top but the legs were short and again hard to keep buttoned shut. otherwise great, just double-check the sizing,
we bought this product thinking since it was alcohol free it would be better to use at the diaper changing table.  however it has a fish smell after using it so i end up washing my hands anyway.
the liners are cute, but i expected to receive baskets along with them, too...   do you happen to know where i can purchase baskets which fit those small liners? i haven't had any luck finding such neither in the stores, nor online... i was told the measurements of the baskets should be 9x7x5, but there is no place i know of that sells such small baskets. i have lost so much time doing a research in my last days of pregnancy... it is frustrating.
i received this item and was disappointed about the color.  the strips are in bright pink instead of the more plum like color shown on the website.  other than that, the bag is nicely constructed.
i got the woombie to replace a miracle blanket, which my 3-month-old daughter is growing out of (and which comes only in newborn - 3 month size).  i was so hoping it'll work, but it didn't.  it just got my baby frustrated - she could move her arms, got her hands close to her mouth, but couldn't get them into her mouth (besides, i think her arms got stuck in this position, and she couldn't move them down).  the miracle blanket uses two levels of restraint - first the arms get pinned down alongside the body, then the baby is wrapped all around.  no moving arms there.  my daughter loves this blanket, frequently falls asleep on her own (some times after 5 min of fussing, sometimes right away) if wakes she up while i put her down, and always falls back asleep if she wakes up in the middle of the night or a nap.  with the woombie, she started whimpering when i put her down and the whimpers quickly turned into crying, as she was trying to get her arms somewhere, where they wanted to go.  this swaddling blanket is supposed to mimic the womb.  well, maybe if you start using it on a newborn and then graduate to the larger side it would work.  but by 3 months, perhaps, the womb experience is too remote for the baby to need to replicate it.
nice sturdy toy, but did not hold the baby's attention for long.  i expected more from baby einstein toys. it was ok, but nothing to write home about.
i tried posting the same review somewhere else and they seemed to have blocked it, so i am giving it another go. our son who is 18months and weighs a little over 20 lbs. on two seperate occasions the seat slipped out of the slot and my son fell out of the chair. i would not recommend this product!  he could have been seriously hurt, being choked by the straps when the seat fell off or hitting his chin on the seat. miraculously he was not hurt but we have stopped using the product.  also i would like to add that this product does not hold well to wear and tear. we have had our highchair for maybe a little over a year and we have scratches all over it.
cheap and poor quality.  i received the bibs and the stitching is already coming off (without even using/washing it).  the backs are also made out of a cheap plastic, which i do not like.  the sayings are cute but do not buy these bibs.
when i placed a order to buy the high chair all the information i had was about the double pad, i printed the page and i can still see the following: chicco polly double pad highchair, however when i got the high chair i realized i was misleading by the amazon site, because they sent me the chicco polly high chair single pad-cloth, hazelwood. the wrong information i received is still in the amazon site!!!!
these ate cute but if you wash them an accidently dry them they are ruined. they are not durable and not really worth the money.
these nipples are not slow flow (\\first essential\\). they are way too fast for a newborn, or even a 4 month old baby. i'm very tired of amazon's inept product descriptions that are either wrong or misleading.<br />now i have to spend my time and gas money to take these back to ups and seal back up the package.<br />tell us exactly what the product is<br />show us the exact picture of the product<br />send us the right product
maybe it is because i didn't read the manual, but this car seat is hard to get out of the car!  it requires two hands to unlock it and then the baby gets jerked from the movement.  would not buy this product again because of that.
i love this dresser!!!! i love the color, style, everything about it. purchased it for my baby & it can definitely be used for years to come. not just \\baby\\ furniture. hubby said it was very easy to put together & he was surprised at the high quality.
yes they're cheap but the quality of the fabric is really poor and it does not look very good - also it is so thin that i am not sure that it would make a difference to a a cover or not - i'd rather put a towel underneath my baby - also i had purchased the la baby 4 sided pad and these covers don't fit well at all. so i had to return them.
as new parents we purchased this video monitor on amazon in early 2010. the audio/video quality was very good (too sharp you can even hear the slightest noise made by the baby). the frequency range is excellent too. one time i had to go down to pick up something from the car and my baby was sleeping in the 3rd floor and so i took the monitor with me. being in the ground floor i was still able to watch my baby sleep with no difficulties in the video/audio. i would have given it 5 stars then, but i forgot to write the review. one day i accidently dropped the monitor into the bath tub and i freaked out!!!!!!!!! i immediately removed the batteries, wiped out clean and let it dry in the sun for a few hours. i checked the monitor to see if it was working and it still worked great with the same excellent quality!!!!!!!! i never really thought it would work and i was already cursing myself for the mistake i did. this happened in june 2011 and now even after 6 months, its workin fine. i decided its definitely time to write a good review and here it is! we still use it everyday and its definitely one of the best purchases we've made. best video monitor!!!
bag was fine when we left it at the door of the plane, when we arrived at our destination, it was outside the door of the plane busted open at the seem.  even if it didn't burst open, it is very hard to carry, a should strap would really help, not a small handle like it has
unfortunately i had to throw this away. i couldn't even donate it because it is a hazard.  the neck is huge, making the whole gown dangerous!  my baby is wearing 6 month clothing and this is supposedly newborn size.  last night he was wearing it and i checked on him only to find that one arm was completely out of the sleeve and had gone up through the huge neck whole. not my idea of a safe piece of clothing for baby!  into the trash it went!  i'm bummed because i love gowns and i hate wasting things, but there you have it!
i fell in love with the boutique look of these cloth diapers when i first saw them. i also liked how they were a bit narrower than the bum genius diapers since my daughter is tiny. however, after using these for a few months... they are worthless. the outer material absorbs the urine as soon as it wets the liner. my daughter had wet pants after 45 minutes of wearing these diapers yesterday. these are now the diapers i only wear on her around the house, knowing they probably wont last longer than an hour :(
i was very happy with this bath tub, works good for a half year.i wish could be more strong so could last long.
the labels that came with them weren't even sticky. ended up throwing them away and just writing on the dividers with a permanent marker. very disappointing!
These are a great idea at first glance- save time, save plastic baggies, save energy, save the planet, etc., but they are a total frustration. I bought both the goodbyn bynto snack box, (which is a smaller version of the original goodbyn), and the original goodbyn. The bynto has worked fine, but the original bigger goodbyn box is WAY too big for the normal kid size lunch in my opinion. I was so aggravated because the first day I sent it in with my son to school (second grader), the lid was not closed all the way after he ate what was inside for lunch and the whole thing splatted apart in his backpack with a huge mess. It looks great, but is awkwardly heavy and oblong, is not easy to open and close, and is embarrasingly messy when not closed all the way, dropped and explodes everywhere with lunch remnant leftovers....I actually wrote an apology note to my son's teacher I felt so bad about the hassle and mess it created, (like his teacher needs another mess to deal with along with a room full of wired second graders each day at lunchtime...). So, once again, for home use it's great, but I would not recommend buying it and sending it to school for a smaller child to use independently each day.
it broke first day.  I emailed the company they told me contact where you buy and i contact jr.com but they dont relpy yet and I dont have time for to call them ship them etc..  so i need to buy a new one and it wont be kidsline for sure.   so if your time valuable then don't buy this brand it may brake easily and you have to spend sometime to fix it.
I got this as a backup for my son. He has a blue bear with brown polka dots by blanket and beyond. Loves it. Was ecstatic when I saw this online. Ordered it and was so disappointed...  His is large.  The blanket portion is big. This one was small and was like a cone so to speak... Didn't open up flat. Super cute but not the same thing.
I paid more money for these cups thinking they would work well, I've only had them a week and am so disappointed.  My 18 month old screams everytime I give her the cup because she cannot get anything out of them.  I have taken them apart and put them back together several times, but it never seems to be right.  It breaks my heart to hear her cry because she is unable to drink the milk.  I tried myself several times and am surprised at how difficult it is to get the drink out.    I am thoroughly disappointed and wish I would have just stuck with the cups I knew worked instead of wasting my money on these cups.  I haven't written a review for a product before, but am hoping this will help another parent out. I wish I would have done more research before buying these cups.
When we put this high chair together we ran in to two issues. We had about half of it already put together and were attempting to add another piece that required a screw to go in a hole. Well, we had the two pieces perfectly aligned but the holes did not match up. My husband had to make another hole with his tools. When we finished that and had to put the little rubber pieces on the bottom, it was missing a piece, so we had to use the hot glue gun and squirt some glue in to it so that the screw would stay. It has held up just fine, but like I said, we had to do a few things to make it work. It is a great chair though!! We really love it and also love how it can be used for boy or girl.<br /><br />After all of our issues I called amazon and explained the situation. They were wonderful and gave me a credit for my next order. Way to make a cranky customer happy! :)
My son has been using this mattress for about six months now, he is 20lbs, 9 months old. It sinks wherever he is sitting or laying. It doesn't seem to provide him with any support which I didn't think was a big deal for a baby but when you  can literally see it sink where he is laying you have to wonder. Not recommended.
Until my 16 month-old daughter figured out how to open them.   I had one on each drawer in my kitchen, and on my dishwasher door. They worked well for about a month and a half, until I saw my toddler run out of the kitchen holding a dirty butter knife out of the dishwasher. I grabbed it, put it away, and shut and locked the door only to watch her little fingers open the lock and open the dishwasher door again. Back to the drawing board for this Mom!
When my Mom was visiting and helping with the baby, she asked me what the weird pillowcase thing was.  And that really is kind of how to describe these.  They're two sheets of cotton stitched together around the edges.  The cotton is like soft t-shirt material.  It's very soft.  Unfortunately it's not absorbent so they ended up not being that practical.  I ended up being much happier with the [[ASIN:B001CKYN5A Gerber Brand 6 Pack Prefold Birdseye Organic Diaper, White]]
This sling is wonderful. It's padded at the shoulder which helps to make it very comfortable. The elastic around the sling pouch is nice and stretchy so it's easy to get baby in and out. I love that it has pockets (on both sides) so that I can tuck the pacifier in there when it drops out of baby's mouth when she falls asleep. My baby always falls asleep in this! This type of sling allows moms to carry in many different positions. I like that there isn't a bunch of extra fabric hanging down like with other ring slings.
This is the worst bathtub ever.  We bought the infant deluxe fist with jets and the shower head did not work.  We took it back to Babies R Us and they told us that they were getting a lot back.....so we exchanged it for the original one and the shower head did not put out any water at all.......If you are looking for something that has a spray nozzle for your baby this is not the product you want to buy.....money wasted...
Have had this sound machine since my son was born 2.5 years ago. About a year ago it started acting wiggy... it wouldn't turn off with the button (have to unplug the power source from the back to turn it off) and sometimes the other buttons don't work either. I love that it has a built-in nightlight, but that has also been acting strangely - it doesn't always turn off (again, I have to unplug the power cord from the back to shut it off).<br /><br />As far as music selection goes, it's good but not great. It doesn't have that many songs on each set so it loops over and over (which, I would personally find annoying so I don't put my son through it). And there's no way (that I found) to go back or forward with the songs. My son likes one particular song and doesn't understand when I tell him we have to wait for it ... or that we can't hear it again right away.<br /><br />The nature sounds are not that great - I was hoping for a nice, calming ocean sound but there doesn't seem to be one on here. The only one that I heard was the one with the whales (which sounds too scary for a baby's room, especially when they are alone in the dark). I usually just leave it on the white noise sound.<br /><br />The sound/speakers are just okay - kind of has that hollow sound to it - so I really haven't bothered using the iPod with it.<br /><br />I think the idea is good, but the quality is not. Was tetering on whether to give it one stars or two and decided one based on quality and sound. Do yourself a favor and get a regular sound machine, Homedics makes a decent one that you can dock/play an iPod with.
the video quality was not great, but it was fine for the price.  the monitor works fine, but the camera night vision quit after 20 months.  it works when the room is light, but that is obviously not when we usually want to use it.  we are just disappointed it didn't last longer.
i think i love this toy more than my baby! bought it for him when he was 6 months old. has had it for a month now. he's not too into it for long but does play with it. he's more into the \\hands\\ than the teethers. one thing that keeps me from giving it a full 5 stars is that the green fabric, towel-like, is starting to lint. i only hand washed it so far but it says it can me machined washed.
we got the chair about a year ago.on nov. 23rd  a day before thanks giving i was going to feed my 18 months old girl. i reclined the chair back and set her on it and pulled the chair forward as i always do. i then heard her scream like she never scream before! her fingers were stuck between the chair and the arm rest!!! i reclined the chair and pulled her out of it her fingers were blue and she wouldn't move them  and wouldn't stop crying!  i got her into the car to go to the hospital thinking i may have broken her fingers,half way to the hospital she stopped crying, i stopped the car and checked her fingers, they were red and  she did move them. i went back home and wrapped her hand with ice on and off for a few hours. finally the next day she was moving her fingers and the swelling went down. i reported the incident and i ma waiting to hear back from them. i would not recommend this chair! it has been packed and put in my garage until i can return it to manufacture.
first of all they didn't send the thermometer that was shown,  and not one of the three i ordered worked.  i then ordered new batteries and replaced them and they still didn't work.
its a very cute mobile that goes great with the all star sports theme, but we never use it and it just gets in my way when i need to strip the bed and when i put clean sheets on the bed. i am sure some people use their mobile all the time but for me it was another thing i thought i needed to buy for my 1st baby...truth be told...it was a waist of money.
I didnt even want to give this a one star!  this medicine pacifier DOES NOT WORK!  the hole is to big, medicine just comes pouring out, and the pacifer part is hard plastic!  My child choked on the medicine.  DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT!!!!!!!
I purchased the Safety 1st Comfort Check Thermometer with the bonus Pacifier Medicine Dispenser because my 6 month old daughter has some medication she needs to take, and at first glance it seemed like it was going to work great. I was wrong. This product is NOT SAFE AT ALL!! There is no valve to help slow the flow of medicine that comes out. I may as well have just poured the medicine down her throat! She choked on the medicine because it just came pouring out of the nipple! How this product was tested and approved amazes me. This is a trash product and needs to be taken off the market.
sagged after one month of use with a newborn.      after one month of use there is a permanent dent where the baby sleeps.  frequent rotation of the mattress really doesn't improve the issue.    a mattress for 80 bucks should be able to properly support an 8 lb baby.    we are using this mattress with this crib -[...] the crib is great.
the first of these i purchased, i had to return because the camera snapshot feature and vox didn't work. the second one i received worked well for three months. my wife and i really enjoyed this product. the video is of great quality, and i love the vox feature. we can monitor both of our children while they are sleeping, and when there is a noise in the room, the camera immediately comes to life so we can survey the area and address the situation. what happened after three months? my wife plugged in the monitor to the base to recharge, and the usb connection within the monitor broke. as i am an engineer, i examined the unit and found that the usb connection is a very weak point, and that you have to place the monitor 'just so' into its base to recharge. figuring that it was our fault, i purchased another one for our use. again, after three months, i plugged it in, (and i am one to be very gentile with electronic equipment, as i consider myself not only an electronic engineer, but a 'techno-geek'), and it broke on me. same thing - the internal usb connection within the monitor. i have a call now into the company to have that unit replaced. i have since rigged the previously broken unit with my own recharger and am temporarily using that until i hear back from the company.<br /><br />what i like about this unit: the cameras are exceptional for their design. they are portable, battery powered for short excursions from their 'base site' (visiting overnight at grandma's), or when we're at the beach house, we can monitor outside while the cameras are sitting where ever we decide to mount them. the batteries in the cameras and monitors are okay. they last us about four to five hours. the cameras are great at adjusting for different lighting situations, from daylight, to total darkness. i totally love the fact i can 'talk back' to the kids if they happen to get up for something. sometimes a quick \\it's not time to get up\\ in my daddy voice is all it takes for the wee ones to drop back down and go to sleep for another hour, when they get up unusually early. i love the fact the monitor can monitor up to four cameras at once. since the kids are now moving all over the place, i can have extra cameras around and monitor up to four at a time (on one screen), and easily select which camera i wish to monitor full screen.<br /><br />what i don't like, is what i've already explained. i feel that if the company can devise a more robust usb base within the monitor itself, then this would be a perfect product. until then, i'm left with a jerry-rigged unit until they respond about my second broken unit.<br /><br />i did a lot of research before purchasing this unit - and i still think it's a great concept, just a weak point in engineering.ck down and go to sleep for another hour, when they get up unusually early. i love the fact the monitor can monitor up to four cameras at once. since the kids are now moving all over the place, i can have extra cameras around and monitor up to four at a time (on one screen), and easily select which camera i wish to monitor full screen.  what i don't like, is what i've already explained. i feel that if the company can devise a more robust usb base within the monitor itself, then this would be a perfect product. until then, i'm left with a jerry-rigged unit until they respond about my second broken unit.  i did a lot of research before purchasing this unit - and i still think it's a great concept, just a weak point in engineering.
tiffany fell in love with this.it makes noise its softer to the touch.and the most important thing it blue and blue is her favorite color.
nearly every one we had must have been defective. the frames bent easily and stayed bent (and yes, i know the sides are supposed to bend and then snap into position but it was more than that...they stayed bent).<br /><br />also, if you put this up, plan on keeping it up. i would describe this more as a permanent solution rather than an \\easy to remove and put up\\ travel gate. from the reviews here, it is clear that some people love this but it just didn't work for our lifestyle.<br /><br />pre-tested before baby came as well as with a friend's baby. totally frustrating and we followed the directions perfectly. as others have noted, the directions are not easy to follow and you have to practice to understand how to get this to work. even so, after extending the top and bottom sides, placing the gate on the floor (a required step according to manufacturer instructions) and then locking it in place, we were extremely...well, grumpy. further practice didn't make things any better. i would never use this as a portable baby gate!<br /><br /> uh-uh. looking for something simpler. i would avoid using this after going through so many steps each time! again, for a permanent or long-term gate (for crawlers to first walkers), this might work...as a travel gate, nope...not from what i experienced.
this teether does not work well for younger babies.  here's why:  doesn't fit well in mouth:  this teether is too wide to fit comfortable into my son's mouth (he's six months).  at best he can use it on his front teeth and even this is difficult for him.  even as he gets bigger i think the teether will still be too big to comfortably reach his back teeth.    difficult to hold/manipulate:  the length of this teether (about 6 1/2 inches) and the fact that it twists makes it very difficult for me son to hold this and get it into his mouth on his own.    too hard/heavy:  like most young babies my son manages to hit himself in the head with just about anything he can get his hands on.  this teether is made out of a hard plastic type material and is fairly thick meaning it can definitely leave a mark if your child hits him/herself with it.    i think that this teether would work pretty well for older babies.  the rings make a nice rattling sound to capture a babies attention and an older baby would probably enjoy twisting the teether around and sliding the rings around the teether.
these brushes are terrible quality-- the sponge tip shreds within days, and the wire part slides into the handle.  also, the bristles are stiff so you get spattered with soapy water when you pull the brush out of the bottle.  we bought 3 or 4 of these brushes, used them for a week or so, then threw them out.  finally i got smart and bought the oxo steel bottle brush for a few dollars more-- it's perfect!! it's lasted several weeks already without any sign of wear.  save yourself the trouble and buy the oxo steel bottle brush-- make sure it's the steel one, though, not the plastic one.
we purchased our diaper champ in 2009 due to the many great reviews however we've had several issues that have caused us to stop using it.  i've heard there is a newer model however the older one is still available as well.   the biggest issue, and one i'm surprised i haven't seen any comments on is that if a kitchen garbage bag is filled or even 3/4 full it is essentially impossible to remove it without tearing the bag open.  the top of the diaper champ is significantly smaller than the bottom so as diapers are deposited they spread out in the bottom and as you pull the bag out it has to compress to be extracted.  there are several plastic edges for the bag to catch on and almost always do.  the only solution we've found is to only fill the bags 1/4 of the way allowing room to compress the diapers and remove them.  it's a horrible waste of bags.  we've also tried using plastic grocery bags since they are much smaller.  it works but they don't reach the bottom of the container and sometimes fall.  they also require emptying every day.  if someone has a better way please comment.  it really doesn't do a great job of covering smells either.  it seems to contain infant smells adequately but for 6 month old's or older it's completely inadequate.  we too just throw them in the garbage for our 18 month old.
i bought this product for my new baby because i liked the reviews on it ,the biggest problem with it that is not a car seat cover ,,it is a fancy blanket ,so it will keep your baby cozy and warm but you can not cover the whole car seat and seal the cold weather out and have a little window in there for your baby to look through and breath through,i guess i should have looked closer at the picture of the product,so unfortunately i will have to buy another one that would help in the colder weather,this one maybe for the cold summer nights or as a simple blanket .the material is nice though and i like the design.
i was going to buy this sterilizer, but after reading many reviews saying the unit broke down right after the 90 day warrenty, or before it was a year old, i now don't be getting it. for over $50 bucks it had damn well better work for over a year!<br /><br />oh well. back to searching....
i bought this monitor because of the mostly positive reviews that i saw about it and the reasonable price.  i tried it out with the baby sleeping in his room and the monitor in the living room, and it seemed to work well.  so, i threw away all the packaging and was all set for the night my baby would first sleep in his crib.  as i said before, the product works nicely in my living room.  once i set foot into my bedroom it is a very different story.  even thought the monitor is in the \\voice activated\\ mode, all you get is static and snaps and pops from this thing every two seconds.  i have tried probably all the different combinations of settings and they all give you the feedback.  most nights, after many attempts, i can find just the right place in the room so the monitor stays quiet.  however, the place changes from night to night and sometimes even during the night!  all said, i wish that i had saved the packaging and would have been able to return this.  it would be well worth spending a little more money on a different monitor so that i could get more sleep.
I bought these after seeing that my newborn kept spitting out her pacifier(that is shaped like a bulb) because my sister in law used it with her kid and it works like magic but unfortunately my baby was used to the other paci even though she kept spitting it out and when I kept giving her this one she would just look up at me and scrunch her face. Otherwise it came just like described.
have been through 2 of these monitors now. the first one worked well for 9 months and then just quit. (note: we lived in a rural area then so it may be why it worked well for as long as it did). the second we got did not work straight out of the box. we had no picture and it would not hold a charge. will not be getting another video monitor.
the sheets and mattress pad work very well.  they should fit any standard size pack and play. the only problem is you have to disengage the mattress from the frame to use the mattress pad and sheet.  would have been better if they put \\button\\ holes where the velcro straps are to keep the mattress flat in the bottom of the pnp.
None available.
very cheaply made.  difficult to close.  not as lightweight as you would think.  overall not much different than the $20-30 ones you could buy at the store.
i bought this for my 4 month old, she doesn't have much interest in it. and it is very hard, so since everything goes in her mouth this did too. she acted as if it hurt her when she bit down on it.
this mei tai is ok, i bought it to replace a 'mei tai baby' brand mei tai that was lost during our last move. i ended up returning this one to repurchase a mei tai baby one (most of theirs are custom made in the usa so it takes a few weeks to get one but the price is the same as this ready made version).<br /><br />the good:<br />-this carrier style (mei tai) is great for many sizes of babies, i've used mine with three of my kids and it's my favorite carrier style, i even prefer it to my ergo<br />-it's adjustable and will fit most any mom, i've even used one while pregnant<br />-this freehand mei tai comes in cute fabric patterns and trendy colors<br /><br />the bad:<br />-when using a mei tai (this one or any brand) the straps with drag on the ground when you're putting it on unless you're really, really tall<br />-there is a bit of a learning curve to putting it on and getting the baby in, looking up videos and pictures online is very helpful<br />-the fabric of this freehand brand is not very high quality and mine had some stitches that were crooked, the fabric was rough and was already starting to fray after just a couple uses<br />-this mei tai seems overpriced for the quality, you can get a much higher quality one for the same price (mei tai baby and baby hawk are the two big brands but many other are out there, you can also download patterns to make your own)<br />-the fabric of this mei tai is slicker than other mei tais, i didn't feel the tie was as tight and safe as it is with rougher fabrics
I know it is partially my fault for not reading all the fine print but I really didn't expect them to send me pink pacifiers. I do like these pacifiers but will never order them from here again. They need to have boy or girl choices at least. I would have been happy with any color besides pink.
i purchased this unit as a present for my sister and her first baby in december 2010 and she told me that she loved this monitor so much because it made her life so much easier while being out of direct view of her daughter. i made my first visit this week (sept. 2011) to her house since being born and came to discover that the handheld unit was a black and white screen instead of the color video monitor as promised in the add. i think it works fine but i definitely would enjoy getting exactly what i ordered instead of finding out 9 months later that you didn't get exactly what you ordered! this was the only reason why i didn't give this a perfect score...my sister loved it and that is what was important to me!
(new edits added to \\compatible\\ section below.)<br /><br />sometimes i forget to pack the baby's one and only sippy cup.<br /><br />this 3-piece water bottle cap adapter works well, but yes, i agree that it doesn't have a vent so as the baby drinks from the water bottle through this adapter, the plastic walls of the bottle collapse. every 4-5 sips, i take the bottle away from the baby, unscrew the adapter, let the air fill up the bottle again, and then hand the whole thing back to the baby. small inconvenience, but an inconvenience nonetheless. thus, 4 stars.<br /><br />that drawback aside, there are plenty of benefits:<br />1. cover exists! it does have a clear cap that snaps over the spout! (at least, mine does! i did wonder why previous customers didn't get their caps...)<br />2. portable! it's small enough to keep in a pocket, purse, pacifier bag... even a gladware 1/2-cup mini round storage container (the kind you can find at a supermarket or amazon, 8 units per pack [...]). yes, a sandwich bag will also do in a pinch.<br />3. easy to clean! each piece -- silicone spout, green \\neck\\ and clear cap -- are extremely easy to handwash using the smaller nipple brush attachments that most people have. if water's the only thing that you use it for, there's less of a worry about scrubbing off juice bits.<br />4. compatible! for poland spring bottles, the adapter works if the green \\neck\\ is screwed with the logo upside down. although the directions do say this clearly, i'd say it here too: if the adapter doesn't work with the particular water bottle you have, try re-inserting the spout through the green neck but in the opposite direction so that the logo on the green neck appears upside down. the green \\neck\\ is threaded on both ends, expanding its compatibility with a range of water bottles.<br />edit oct. 2011: compatible with the platypus platy soft bottle with closure cap. this product combo has proven to be a very convenient way to carry baby's drinking water.<br/>5. chewable! my baby likes chewing thoughtfully on the silicone spout between sips. no damage yet, to baby or bottle cap adapter. but i'm sure green sprouts will warn against treating this adapter as a toy. it's not a toy, okay?<br />6. no leaks! if the adapter is screwed on correctly for the water bottle you have (and assuming the two are compatible), turning the water bottle upside down does not create a shower. if anything, it's hard to get liquid out... see drawback above.
i got this stroller because i needed something lightweight. and yes, it is lightweight and it's easy to fold and to open. but that's about it.  we live in miami and the umbrella is completely useless, it barely covers the sun and it certainly does not cover rain. the steering is really awful, you cannot do it with one hand if there's barely a bump on the ground. the tires are pretty cheap and don't handle much.  overall it's an ok stroller, but it feels a bit on the cheap side, which i suppose is why it's so light weight.
i wanted an affordable shopping cart cover and this one looked great, plus had good reviews at the time on the babies r us website. well, it is not padded at all, is a royal pain to set up, especially while holding a baby, and does not fit larger carts, such as at target. continuing in its frustrating qualities, i do not find it easy to fold up into itself or unfold. the toy loops are way too far down, making it tricky for my son to access the toys and keep the nasty cart handle covered. you see, if i want him to be able to reach the toys on the loops okay, i have to fold it toward him. when i put him in the full harness covering his shoulders, it forces him to slouch down at an uncomfortable, and probably unsafe angle, so i just use the buckle around his waist.<br /><br />this is a purchase i really regret. i would suggest looking for a cover that is padded and fits on the cart with elastic. i'm curious if other shopping cart covers all have to be buckled around the back of the seat area too in order for the cover's safety belt to work well, or if an elastic fit would keep it secure enough. yes, i do like the pattern, but the quality of the fabric is borderline cheap, and overall it's an annoying mess. i've been using it for several months now and never learned to like it!
only cute for a kids room. looks cheap.i wouldnt recommend this product to a friend. my husband and i didnt care for it.
i owe 2 of these and the night vision has broken on both of these units. i didn't have static issues like others have noted but price is too much to pay for something that lasts less than 2 years.
the color and pattern are as expected from the photo and i like the design/ look of the bumper.  the quality is below average.  one of the strings broke off after a couple of weeks and it looks/ feels flimsy.  i spent quite a bit more on another one from pottery barn and can definatley tell the difference in quality.
i read the reviews and thought i would give it a shot. the spoon is nice and the bowl is generous in size, however, what type of container with a lid is it, if the lid doesn't fit properly.  i tested to see if liquid will spill and because the lid doesn't fit tightly, it spills.  the lid does not snap on, so it's useful to fill with anything other than dry food on the go.  extremely disappointed with this product.  wondering if i can return it.
i bought this bag from another retailer based on the description here on amazon.com. the courier diaper bag does not have the zippered bottle pockets. it also does not have the 2 outside pockets under the flap. and it's small - not big enough for a full day out at all imo. we returned it to the original retailer. if you're looking for a smallish short excursion bag, this would work fine.
unfortunately, you can't choose to get a foot or a hand. they assign it to the customer randomly. however, there are real differences. the hand has fingers wide enough apart that a baby can stick a finger in his  mouth. the foot has no separation between digits. it is one big clump. very difficult for baby to put in mouth and not too comfy once there.
i bought this bag after buying and returning the courier version of the same bag. i thought it would be big enough for me to have enough in it for a 2 year old as well as a newborn. it's just not big enough and there aren't enough pockets. there is no where for \\mommy's things\\ to go and the bottle pockets aren't lined so not sure how they would stay cool. it's a fine bag - although not sure why the front flap comes off, seems like that would be annoying. all in all i wouldn't recommend this bag to anyone. it's just really not practicle.
i bought this for my daughter and it was terrible. it leaks from the bottom as if it its missing a piece and came with no instructions of how to assemble.
i purchased this for the door leading to the basement (wood.) it was easy to install and works great to keep my 2 year old from opening the door. i then bought one for our front door. however, i have not been able to get it to stay adhered (metal.) so frustrated.
i have purchased this set and it worked well until the speaker broke all of a suddent. now only video works and not audio. in addition, the range is not great and with a single wall you may lose connectivity.
I would give the Mam pacifier a 5 star, but I'm rating this particular item with 1 star couse you do get any color, bought 2 for my son and got a green set (good) and a purple set.<br />They list an Item model number that correspond to the blue one in the first picture, but you will get any. so save your time and maybe pay a bit more but buy the color you want.
I bought these for my son. I wanted the blue or the yellow ones but received the pink ones. It does say colors may vary, I did not notice that. It was very confusing that the pacifiers were displayed as blue. It should be possible to choose color. I don't want my son to have a pink pacifier. Blue for a girl is perfectly fine, but pink for a boy feels wrong to me. The pacifiers are great. Used them for both my other kids, but these ones will only be used for emergency cases.
its a shame that this cradle bumper has received poor reviews just because the reviewers thought it was for a cradle.   we used this bumper with matching sheets every night for my daughter's first three months. it was soft, beautiful, and washed without any problems.
decent quality onesies but definitely undersized. my average size newborn was able to wear them for about 7-10 days and they have became too short. and now being about month old, 0-3 months size is tight already.
i have a basic single row power strip, and i couldn't shut the smaller side door or it would depress the power switch... therefore making this completely useless to me.     the snap buttons are hard to open and close, so it would be good to keep little fingers out, but i just couldnt use it for my power strip.     the stip i have is similar to this one,  <...>  but not exactly the same. mine is dark color and newer looking with spots labeled \\adapter\\ so you can plug in large plugs and not lose any outlet space.
i bought this for my 8-year-old daughter and she loved it.  it's probably a little small for her to get the full value in terms of a neck rest, but her joy in using it is not diminished by that fact.  the problem is that she's also playing with it as a stuffed animal and has already put her finger straight through the fabric in two places, and she's not using it as a weapon or anything particularly rought.  it's just a low-quality fabric.  ah well -- i'll try to repair the wounds.
price and safety are great.  i bought it for my 12 month old who now must stay rear facing until he is two.  his feet are altready touching the back of the seat.  he may have to cross his legs by age 2.
[[videoid:mo33ycml6hepkh9]]we bought the supergate for our cat to block him from running around the living room and destroying our in-progress jigsaw puzzles. i purchased the product knowing very well that our cat might be able to clear the gate, which he did. so i ordered a second supergate to double the height of the \\cat prison\\. presented in the video is our little houdini clearing both supergates with ease.<br /><br />for nimble cats, this product fails. it might be fine for babies and dogs.
i was swayed by the joovy caboose's sleek looks and narrow profile but now have serious buyer's remorse.  unfortuately the only positive to come from this purchase was the knowledge of what i need in a double stroller - all features absent on this model.      first of all, and most importantly, neither the 3 yr old nor the 15 mo old are comfortable riding in this and there is no possible way either could fall asleep in this stroller.  even the front seat, the more \\comfortable\\ of the two, does not recline worth a darn (which makes sense as the back \\seat\\ passenger would be folded in half were one to try).  i knew this going into it, however did not apppreciate the importance of having two seats that can accomodate sleepy travellers.       the back \\seat\\ slides around constantly.  there must be a way to keep this still but i've tried every configuration of the 2 snaps that are presumably there to to this and nothing has worked.  i spend 80% of my time re-adjusting big sister's seat.        the back passenger's feet will end up getting twisted underneath the stroller at some point.  i have a child in the 10th percentile for height and weight and even she cannot avoid this happening.    for being un \\ultralight\\ this feels remarkably heavy and awkward.  you will end up making a spectacle of yourself trying to navigate this stroller in tight spaces (ie the pediatrician's waiting room).  prepare to be humiliated.          the footrest of the front seat routinely gets stuck in the upright position.  now that little sister is not so little this is a big pain.       i have had to stifle many an f-bomb during the process of folding and unfolding this stroller.  fortunately we have a vehicle large enough to haul it whole if (when) i just can't make it collapse.  this happens more often than it should.  i barely take it out anymore because it's just not worth the trouble.     all in all, this \\bargain\\ of a double stroller cost me plenty since i now have to replace it withsomething more appropriate for our needs.  it looks great in our basement, though.  that sage green really livens up the otherwise dreary decor.
i thought this was a great idea and was glad to find an alternative to a 200 dollar car seat stroller device. however, this was quite a disappointment. it was pretty unstable even though i tightened it as far as it would go. it also broke my suitcase. it wasn't a cheap suitcase either but it broke the wheels off anyway. i ended up having to drag my daughter and suitcase around the airport on the last leg of our 16 hour trip. i was traveling alone so it sucked big time.
i bought this plate so that i could put messier food in front of my 10 month old that she could feed herself.  the plate arrived and was very cute, but even out of the box the suction ring was not attached well.  i hand washed both pieces and put it back together and it does not suction to anything.  i made sure that the ring was in the grooves on the plate as another reviewer mentioned, but still nothing.  i push the plate down and i can hear the air getting and voiding the suction.  so, if you are looking for a plate that will actually suction and stick, keep looking and let me know when you find it.  i will keep the plate because it is cute and she can use when she is older and will not try to pick it up.  but it is basically useless for the intended purpose.
the quality of the spouts is great, but i was unaware that when using these spouts the child can dump an entire cup of milk by simply turning the cup upside down. the liquid just pours out of the spout. i guess i didnt read the description well enough to understand this before i purchased them.
i was very interested in this item, and ordered 2. today, when i got them, they did not have the on/off switch, they were just 2 plain usb 2gb sticks. i was very disappointed.
this glider was worth the investment! so comfy and soothes baby! probably the best thing i bought for baby! must have!
for what it is, it's great. better than any other umbrella stroller out there. my only big problems with it are that the handles are a bit wobbly and my feet do sometimes hit the wheels. i am not a fan of that at all. my main reason for buying this was the height, it's actually taller than my full size stroller, so i don't have to be bent so far over when pushing, but i do still have to lean a bit. i had no problems with my son fitting in the stroller and he is a pretty big boy. tall and a bit chubby, but he had no problem fitting in the stoller at all. the straps adjust so he will definitely fit in this thing for a while, which is awesome. i just wish there weren't so much wobble in the handles and i didn't step on the wheels.
notes on the room: i put these up in my nursery.  my wall was clean, and the light yellow paint was done over a year ago.  works well with a pond theme!<br /><br />some of these are a bit close together, so cutting them with enough space to be able to hold them to the wall tightly can be a bit tricky.  the directions say \\press firmly\\, what they mean is \\press and scrape as hard as you can without breaking the tongue presser stick on the wall\\.  you arm gets pretty tired after only two dragonflies.<br /><br />i didn't have any troubles with air bubbles like the directions warned, but i did have troubles with the tiny dragonflies.  the smaller the dragonfly, the harder it is to get the adhesive to stick.  the instructions warn you that tiny pieces and edges (like the antennae or tip of the tail) can be troublesome.  i find that if you can get all the edges stuck down, the middle shouldn't be a problem.  if you peel some off, and it doesn't stick, only about 50% of the time will putting it back down and re-scraping work.<br /><br />honestly, on some of the harder dragonflies, the adhesive won't entirely work.  you just have to say \\screw it\\ after working on one dragonfly for 10 minutes, and tear it off the wall.  the body, tail, and most of the wings will stick.  everything else is a maybe.  the instructions say you can fix it up with paint, which is true - but it's a pain.<br /><br />i do love the colors, design, and ability to put them anywhere.  but next time i'll try other things first before i go back to these.
my daughter would only take mam binkies and mam bottles so i decided to go with a mam sippy cup too! i not only got a blue cup, but they spill everywhere! we ended up using nuby sippy cups, my daughter took right to them and they never leak!
my 7 months gets too active during bathtime so i bought this to replace my [[asin:b0018z8cn8 fisher-price precious planet whale of a tub]]. it is bigger which is great but it is also very slippery for an active infant. my infant would crawl or tried to stand up causing her to slipped hitting her body and head into the safety supports which are hard plastic mounds. bathing became difficult and painful for her so i stopped using it and got something with a flat even surface like a [[asin:b00361b2ca hoppop bato bath tub, lime]] which worked out quite nicely. i would only used this if my infant just lay during bath like a newborn but she doesn't. i would also recommend getting some anti slip stickers if you're still going to get this. will give it another try once she can stand on her own.
i run an inhome daycare and have two of these monitors. i have them both plugged in in the kitchen but have them across the room from each other because of interference. the sounds still bleeds into each other so if one kid is making noise in one room, i can hear it in both monitors. drives me crazy, making it hard to know which kid is awake. i bought these because of the low price and apparently, the quality reflects the cost. i will be splurging on higher quality monitors from now on.
we bought this tent because we were going to florida and wanted to make sure we had some shade for our 18 month old daughter. when we put it together at home to try it out, she loved going in and out of it. on the beach she wasn't interested in going into it at all. she just wanted to play in the sand. we thought she might nap in it but it was too hot for that and while we were at the beach all she wanted to do was play so it was best to go back to the room for naps. our biggest complaint is that it is quite flimsy and broke in the wind. we can still use it but one of the plastic poles is broken. to be fair, i should mention that it is very easy to set up and take down. perhaps it would be more useful for a younger baby and not on windy days.
i would rate this seat at 5 stars if it would have fit all the seats in my house.  luckily, the most important seat we needed this for it fits perfectly.  we have twin girls and needed two.  both are made the same, however out of three toilets we've put these on, only one works with this seat.  :(  the holes on the toilet seat are too small for the rim for the seat to sit on.  not sure why this seat isn't universal!
i ordered these based on the rave reviews, but i have to say i am not impressed with these liners compared to the grovia liners that we used prior to this.  yes, these are much softer, but they are a pain to pull out of the box one at a time, then unfolding it, laying it on a diaper, and getting diaper on whilst wrestling a baby is not an easy feat.  but the worst thing about these liners is that they stay so wet once my baby wets her diaper: the liner starts to dissolve and stick right to her bum, requiring me to peel it off her skin.  in the past week since we've started using this brand, her bottom has been very red.  coincidence?  maybe, but i'm not going to wait for a full blown diaper rash to find out.  i'm ordering the grovia liners again, and maybe we'll experiment with another brand for next time.
this bear was so disappointing!! we have a bigger bear and love it. it's stood up awesome to 4 years of play with no issues at all. we had this new bear less than a month - and mostly ignored and unplayed with the entire time - and one of the paws has ripped where the satin part meets the \\fur\\ part of the bear! it is so incredibly cheaply made. life has been very crazy and busy and i didn't realize the \\return window\\ is a mere month long from when the bear is shipped. i can however, return the cheaply made piece of junk for a \\partial\\ refund, and pay for all the shipping. that would amount to about the cost of the bear in the first place. terrible return policy!!! i'll just sew the bear up and not purchase another.    don't waste your money on this bear. mine wasn't even washed yet, and it's already ripped apart. i can only imagine how well it would withstand a washing or two. so disappointing.
i didn't buy this product on amazon which was okay b/c i returned it to the store within 3 days of buying it. i'm adding my review b/c it's slightly different than the others. i didn't have a problem with the quality of the screen, etc. i had a major problem with the battery life. even when the monitor is only on audio, the battery drains fast. i need to ask summer infant why they would create a baby monitor that drains its battery so fast. i woke up 2 nights in a row to find the handheld had \\died\\ and i couldn't check on my baby. very frustrating...
I returned this product because, like another reviewer said, the colors were not as vibrant as the picture (particularly the orange) and the fabric was very thin.
Pros (mam binkies really are the best):<br />1.  When your baby gets to be old enough to bring things to his/her mouth, these binkies are very easy to get in!  There's no upside-down (like there is with most orthodontic pacifiers), and there's no floppy hook in the way.<br />2.  They're weighted extraordinarily well, and when they fall 90% of the time, they land without touching the nipple to the ground!  This is an enormously valuable feature!<br /><br />Cons:<br />1.  They're a little hard to come by, so when you find them, you've got to stock up!  I can only find the 6 mo size at Walgreens and my local grocery stores.<br />2.  They're more pricey than others.  (worth it, tho!)<br />3.  You can't pick the colors when ordered from Amazon.  I lucked out and got blue for my boy, but I could have received pink.
we received the chair in good shape from amazon. it is vey comfortable but very difficult to assemble. the snap for arm rest cushion are terrible, not fit each other at all. my husband has tried everything but still not able to make it fit. still don't know what to do with it.
the battery pack was correct, but the connector was wrong for the model 02174 monitor. i had to cut it off and replace it with the connector from the original battery pack. other than that the battery takes a good charge and lasts all day.
i uploaded a picture.  noticed others had similar problems, but i hadn't noticed those pictures before i ordered.  please do check them out.  probably not a problem if you have a sander and wood finish, but then you can probably make your own out of better quality wood (this is gumwood).
we have been using these straw sippy cups now for a few months and have decided that we like them.  they really are spill proof, hold a lot of liquid, and are easy for my daughter to use.  the only flaw is that liquid is held in the straw after my daughter finishes drinking and when she pulls the sippy from her mouth, the straw tends to flick liquid back at her face.  so, she gets hits with a few drops of liquid after most sips.  it's annoying and tends to shock her after each drink.
from reading reviews for this product, i had different expectations.  there is still a sizable lip on this thing.  you can't exactly have it next to the bed and \\draw\\ your baby over to you.  especially when they are a newborn and don't have head control, i still had to get up to properly (safely) pick my daughter up to bring her close for nursing.  so i don't find this to be a good alternative to co-sleeping.      also, at 5 months, she already pretty much outgrown this.  i don't use it for sleeping, but i'd let her play it in with the fourth side pulled up.  she really has only a few inches to spare, so i can't even get use out of it like that.      pros:  i like the storage on the bottom and this pattern (tan dot) is neutral and attractive.
first, the shades arrived extremely wrinkled out the package. the wrinkles greatly obstruct the view. secondly, asides from the wrinkles, the shades themselves are not see through at all. i could not see anything out the back of my car from the driver's seat and it was a bright sunny summer afternoon. not safe at all. third, the side window shades were too large for my 2011 honda civic, but fit my other compact sedan just fine. anyway, with the wrinkles and the fact that i cannot see a single thing out the rear window, this will be going back immediately!
the item was dirty and the the rubber was rotten and discolored. it smells like ammonia. i had to return the item and ask for a refund, fortuately i had it.
this is definitely not a quality piece of furniture. i knew we were not buying top of the line, but i have purchased cheaper and more solid \\fake wood\\ pieces from target and walmart. there are scratches all over the wood, and i definitely anticipate more. unfortunately we were pressed for time, but i definitely do not recommend this piece to others.
i thought my daughter (4 months) would love this given how much she loves her sassy go-go bugs, but she really wasn't interested.  it is cute and makes a nice chiming sound, but it doesn't seem to have the kind of properties that she's interested in right now:  crunchy sounds, lots of things to chew on, etc.  she's tried to chew on its feet and wings as well as the ribbons that decorate the body, but had a hard time getting a purchase on anything.    i keep it in the diaper bag to occupy her while changing a diaper on the road, but that's all i use it for.    i gave it 3-stars because it didn't interest my daughter very much, but it is a well-made toy.  i have no complaints with the toy itself.
This pacifier is made of a super hard plastic.  A baby cannot bit down or squeeze this thing, so when giving nasty-tasting medicine, our baby immediately rejected it (each and every time).  We have had great success with the munchkin dropper and like the flexible nipple.  I also like that I can fully clean the munchkin, while this one does not work with a brush. It's just a little channel about the size of a small wire that leads from the reservoir to the nipple.
This product looked like a great idea, to help parents with sterilizing pacifiers that fall on the ground over and over and over. It was amazing to see the pacifier ready to use in just a few minutes. But the quality of this item is very poor! It stopped working after only a week of use, and it was already presenting some problems since day 3... My wife got really upset, and we are trying to return the item.
let's keep it brief.  awesome thing to have if you're a bit paranoid to put baby down out of your sight. period.  unecessary? absolutely, let's not kid ourselves.  but i love using it because it puts my mind at ease and helps me be a better not so crazy mom.  the only problem is that i've dropped the video screen handset and now it does not seem to have video anymore. i'll be checking into it and such but it only dropped from the coffee table to the floor (maybe 2 ft?) and now kaplooie.  buy, enjoy,  but handle with kid gloves :)
i like that this bath toy storage can be used to \\scoop\\ up the toys out of the tub...but that doesn't really help when you have to sqeeze the water out of squirting toys anyway. i like the mesh, it's pretty heavy duty but the actual storing part, doesn't work. i can't get it to hang on the attachment provided so it ends up sitting in the sink anyway.
this is a high quality product, but the stroller is so damn heavy. my wife cannot put it in the truck. i barely can. it also does not fold nicely, after folding it is still big. they should have used more lightweight material thinking that it will mostly be used by a woman.  i am happy with everything except the weight and size after folding.
i absolutely love, love, love the idea of these things in concept. however, after having used them a few times, i don't think i'm in love with the idea of them anymore. for one, i use aveeno baby wash in my daughter's bath and i typically squirt just enough of the baby wash directly on a washcloth when i'm bathing her. enter the palm mitts - i squirted baby wash directly on these and had the hardest time getting all of the soap out of them when i was done! i would personally recommend just using traditional baby washcloths...not worth the hassle to use these things, imho.
the animals on the mobile are adorable and match the rest of the bedding set perfectly. that said... the rest of the mobile is a complete let down.    the fabric that covers the arm looks incredibly cheap. the crossbar the animals hang from looks cheap. the bottom (conveniently hidden in the picture of the mobile) is glaringly white and plastic and looks awful against my cherry crib. if i had seen that in the product photo, i would have never bought this piece. there is one lullaby that plays with a wind, which is fine with me, but you can barely hear the music over the noise the gears inside make.    like another reviewer said, i wouldn't be upset if we had spent $15 or $20 on an item of this quality. but for this price and for this brand? i'd expect much better. i will be writing to carter's, as well. at the very least, they should change the picture on the product page to adequately show what the mobile looks like.
I bought this for my child before he was born.  I had a c section and my family tried to help by setting up everything for me upon my return home with the baby. By the time I went to use this product for the first time it did not work and my family had thrown away the box.  Now I am stuck with crap that never worked.  DO NOT BUY.
I found this dispenser at a local store and bought it since it was the only medicine dispenser designed for infants that wasn't sold in a baby kit.  I needed it because my son (who is only 2 months old) is on multiple liquid medicines daily (and multiple times a day at that) for a few medical conditions.  He was gagging on the meds when given through a syringe and I decided he needed a better way to take the meds.  I wish I had never spent the money on this product.      Safety 1st made a horrible mistake with this product.  First off, it is nearly impossible to open this dispenser to get the medicine into it.  Even my husband had difficulty trying to separate the medicine holder section from the pacifier nipple section.  Second, the medicine started leaking out from the rim as soon as we inverted the product.  Third, the nipple section of this is a very hard plastic material that is also very large.  It is nothing like any pacifier I have ever seen a child use.      I would not recommend this product at all.  I would, however, recommend the [[ASIN:B002RJKH4G Safety 1st Hospital's Choice Bottle Medicine Dispenser]] as it does the job perfectly!
I was disappointed when I received this item for my son, and the pacifiers were pink! It was clear in the item description that Colors May Vary, but I assumed it was just the design, not blue vs pink. Why would the picture show a blue pacifier, then send me a pink one? Green or yellow would make more sense!
I could have sworn I put new batteries in it and then a week later I had to replace the batteries again.  Other than that it works okay, it's pretty easy to understand but it does look like a cheap toy when you open it.  Am I sure it is working???  I don't know, I assume it is.  My advice is get it if you really think you need it, otherwise you can skip it.
we bought this border to go around the room to cover where the two colors we used on the walls met.  our paints were pink and purple and you could see both the paint and the dividing line through the paper.  this paper was so thin and cheap, any color will show right through it.
frames are nice but the quality is not worth the money especially when you add in shipping cost. i ordered them because it can be hard to find frames for all holidays. if you are able to find them in your local store, i would advise you buy them there where you can see the quality before you purchase.
this chair is super small!  i was very disappointed when it arrived.  it is much smaller then it appears online.
bad quality item.  it has never been able to hold a charge, it has static, and the plug comes out easily.  do not buy!  so annoying.
i thought this seat cover was a great idea to stop my toddlers dirty shoes from grinding into the back of my carseats.  concern #1 was when i had to really stretch it to get the elastic loop to fit over and around the seat.  it did eventually fit without repercussion, though i believe the too-snug fit creates concern #2, which is that the mat doesn't cover high enough.  if you have forward-facing toddlers still in relatively high-sitting carseats, the limiting stretch of the elastic loop around the lower bend of the seat pulls the mat down too far.  this outcome leaves a gap of about 4-5 inches at the top of the seat, which is exactly where their little feet kick.  that was the whole reason i got this mat.  it would be better constructed if the elastic loop was adjustable, giving enough slack to place it higher on the seat, which would allow tightening of the head rest connecting straps to close the gap.  not so.  i've pulled the velcro head rest straps as tightly as possible to keep the mat held high, but it's still not the coverage i thought i was buying.<br /><br />my verdict is, when they're older and in booster seats these mats will be fine.  while they are still in carseats, it just doesn't cover the area that's most vulnerable.
i was looking for a new bottle brush instead of using that cheap, foam one from munchkin and this ones mesh brush looked like it would hold up better.  unfortunately, it doesn't fit in my dr. brown bottles.  it will barely go in the bottle itself and won't go in the clear tubes at all.
My son loves Mam pacifier and refused other brand I've tried. He is now over 3 months and I have a bigger size 2+months. The nipple is the same size like 0-3 months size, only the front part (I call it butterfly) is bigger. He likes both sizes.
I like having this gizmo. It takes two pushes to get the process to begin. When the light goes on, you just close the top and wait. I wish there was a way to show that the germs are actually gone. I just trust that it does what it is supposed to do. It takes up a bit of space in the diaper bag, (about 2 fists worth) but I do have room for it. It looks spacy. I wish it were made to close and throw it in the bag to let it work. I have to set it on a table or so while it is working. Mine has been around for about a year not w/o it breaking. I am glad to have it. It definately gets attention and people think I am a cool mom in the know about all of the latest baby gizmos. Ha! Now if only there were a gizmo to get my toddler to stop taking my infant's pacifier in the first place. Then, I would hardly need this.
The little hole is the perfect size for your finger. My baby loves to suck on this pacifier, and it's been a godsend in getting him back to sleep after midnight breastfeedings when he still wants to suck but is no longer drawing any milk. We brought one home from the hospital, and I'm about to buy a bunch more. Don't pay attention to people who say they are choking hazards; if the pacifier is small enough that the entire thing fits into your child's mouth, it is too small for him. Buy a bigger size!
My 10 month old daughter was able to put the whole pacifier in her mouth and then couldn't get it back out. I feel fortunate that I was there when it happened.
Thought that they were going to be like the ones that they give you at the hospital. These were not as soft or soothie at all like the ones they have at the hospital. My baby hates them.
i purchased this product yesterday from a retail store in a factory sealed box. i was trying to follow the instructions and discovered that my carrier was missing the lumbar support. i called infantino product support to find out if i was just not seeing something correctly and i was directed to return to the store (not on my list to do with a 4 week old) or go to their website for full instructions. the instructions on the website were the same as what was included in the box. i called back to see if they could mail me the pice or a replacement and i was told that they could only redirect me to the store. i will never buy another infantino product again. they have no product support.
these are just the same as any other wash cloth except they are smaller and softer.  i like the bigger baby washcloths.  there just isn't anything special about these.  except for the sponge.  i love that.  i could have saved myself some money just buying the sponge, but i didn't realize.
I got this a year ago, and it has worked very well since. I carry it every where in the baby's diaper bag. I actually only use it on emergency cases... but so far, it was a good buy! It was worth what we pay.
the name \\simplisse\\ must be french for many ridiculous steps for assembly and disassembly and miserable to clean.  there are 14 steps for assembly and 9 for disassembly with so many nooks and crannies to clean.  i can't believe this thing is even on the market. i bought mine from babies r us and it can't be returned for any reason.  mine malfunctioned the first time i used it.  the rubber valve gets sucked in the up position preventing milk from spilling into the bottle.  the only recourse is to contact the manufacturer which i haven't done yet.  we'll see how simplisse that proves to be.      buy an electric breast pump that allows you to use batteries.
the crib is ok. it came missing several screws so we initially had to bungee the lower half of the front side to the rest in order to hold it together, until we could get the right hardware. also there's a pretty obvious dent in the wood on the back rail thing (the piece that sticks up above the rest). if it'd been my first baby i would have thrown a fit and sent it back, but now that i'm on number two i have bigger things to worry about. the crib is otherwise pretty good-looking and solid.
this bathtub leaks and can really only be used in the regular tub or shower.  the tub can be made more compact for storage, but it doesn't get that much smaller, and how hard is it to store a bathtub anyway? any benefit is lost in the fact that this product fails to do the one thing you need a tub to do--hold water!  even after caulking it, it still leaks--such a shame.  the sponge is nice for lining the bathroom sink for quick clean-ups when baby is small.  the sling is a nice feature and my babies, quite actively kicking and splashing at 4 1/2 months, do well on it.  overall, even if you have to buy a sling and another tub separately, you'd be doing better with that option than you would getting this tub.
I loved the idea to have a portable pacifier sterilizer for my little one, however after a couple uses the middle insert came off and the product does not work anymore. Good idea, poor quality.
good idea put poorly made. The medicine leaks out and the pacifier part is very hard. My daughter rejected it immediately!  Went with another brand.
watch out this product only comes with one replacement nipple. for only a few dollars more you get the actual sippy cup-much more worth the money. i thought this was a pack of three, big mistake. i was going to get two packages, but a good thing i didnt. if i had it to do again, i wouldnt have made the purchase.
this does indeed deflect the water for a softer \\waterfall\\ flow but it was full of mold/mildew in less than a month! the part that the water hits first when it comes out of the spout (the deflector) has a tiny hole that is supposed to drain any water that pools there. this hole drains too slowly and is ineffective at preventing mold/mildew from growing. as i speak the hole is entirely black and the area around it is covered in mildew as well. it's not just where the water hits directly, either. we removed the deflector to soak it in bleach and the entire interior part that rests on the metal spout was also covered in mildew. this is a difficult area to clean as it's has little ridges and dents and pockets and the material is a somewhat flexible rubber so it cannot just be wiped clean. we soaked it in a bucket of bleach for a day or two and scrubbed it and got it looking acceptable, but still off-color and in less than a week all the mildew was back. we have good ventilation in our bathroom so that's not the issue. only buy this if you plan to remove it and thoroughly dry it by hand after every bath.  it also did not fit my water spout very well and i have a very standard spout. it did fit in the end but seemed \\off.\\ as of now, every bath my daughter takes is full of water that has passed through mildew and mold on its way into the tub which is gross so i am removing it and getting rid of it. i won't be buying another one.
This product deserves zero stars.  Any liquid medicine flows quickly from the pacifier tip, causing baby to choke from the rapid influx of liquid.  The pacifier is also hard rubber (hard like an eraser or the sole of a shoe) that the baby can't even chew on like a normal pacifier.  We were terrified when my baby began to choke the instant we put it in her mouth.  We watched her for several scary minutes as she coughed and gasped for air.  I thought that we would have to take her to the emergency room, but thankfully, I am a RN and was able to whack her back and hold her in a downward position in order to help clear the liquid from her airway.  We immediately tossed this piece of junk where it belongs: in the garbage.  It's shameful that they call it Hospital Choice when no hospital in their right mind (or with the right malpractice insurance) would expose infants to such an inherent risk of aspirating medicine directly into their lungs!
My 7 month old son also managed to put the entire pacifier in his mouth.  If this had happened during the night, he would have suffocated.  PLEASE DO NOT GIVE THIS PACIFIER TO YOUR OLDER BABY!  I can't believe that these are on the market.  This is a tragedy waiting to happen.
This pacifier is only for newborns. My son is 7 months and also stuck the whole thing in his mouth. Thank, Goddess I  happened to be looking  at him when it happened  and went into mommy auto pilot.
these are some of the softest baby garments out there.  the only downside is that these run pretty small.  my 7 week old is fitting the 3-6 month size pretty well.  it was one of those outfits i had to hurry up and get him to wear before he outgrew it.  great construction, though, and easy to dress and do diaper changes with.
this piece was relatively easy to put together, and it looked great in my son's nursery.  however, after a year or so of diaper changing and every day use, it started to fall apart.  the drawers were flimsy and they wouldn't stay attached.  i ended up throwing it away after a year and a half.
the title says it all:  with no volume control and the most annoying voice used to sing the \\songs,\\ this toy is a parent's bad dream. songs are sung too quickly for little ears to understand, and the timbre is often shrill. avoid this toy at all costs, and please don't give this to others (as ours was gifted to us). the stars are given only because my kid liked to look at the brightly colored monkey.
i purchased this humidifier a few months back. the first month was perfect - even the light on the front and the trickling noise didn't bother me. i wrote a great review and posted it.<br />about one month into owning this cute humidifier i noticed that when it was turned to full blast, by morning there was water puddled underneath it. thank goodness i had set it inside a plastic pan or my wooden table would be ruined. the next night i turned the humidifier to only half output and for a few days everything was great. however within four or so days it started to leak even then. since then it has been pretty much the same: me putting it at a smaller output and finding it still leaks.<br />do not let this product fool you. i did months of research and was suprised to find this particular humidifier with the best reviews and at such an affordable price. now i understand why it was so cheap.
this monitor has the worst reception i have ever heard. it sounds like a bowl of rice krispies on my night stand - snap, crackle and pop all night long. my parents bought it for me as a birthday gift b/c they heard it was the best brand. but we have tried it all over the house in different areas of the house and cannot find a place without interference. i've tried it at my in-laws house and my parents house hoping the problem was just our house. but it was even worse at their house. and the hand held has such horrible interference that we could not hear our baby screaming over it. it is shocking to me that such an expensive monitor could work so poorly. i think it is a giant waste of money.
this is my second britax and i am a bit disappointed.  the best part that i liked about britax was solid thick strap.  my other britax was 2004 onyx and it is still going strong.  the strap does not show signs of aging unlike graco's or evenflo's that are often loosening after some use.      for 2nd kid, i bought this expecting same quality.  however, it lets me down on the strap.  the strap is thinner than previous year models of marathon.  is it designed to last only for 5 years due to the carseat expiration fiasco!      i feel my child is less secure with this model. i hope that the company seriously reconsiders to go back to original strap.
we made it through 2 children without a diaper pail, and our 3rd child was 20 months before we tried this one. so we've kind of made it through that heavy usage diaper stages, but i can still see how this would be a real plus to families with newborns. we always used scented diaper bags, and just tossed them in the regular trash. but even those can get pretty smelly after a day or so.     this arm & hammer product was very easy to use, came with good instructions and supplies, and is a pleasant suprise.
the seat protector looks good in my accura mdx with grey seats. it is just the right size for a booster seat and i like the small pockets. i wish i had purchased a seat protector with a back (or at least half a back) for improved protection.    the storage box is the right size for us, but way too soft and flimsy. we quit using it.
rail's well designed to fit into the space, and looks sturdy, but not all colors mentioned in the amazon listing are available.  i ordered oak but was sent white.  it took a few calls to the vendor before we got it straightened out, and i had to resort to an under-mattress rail.  (somehow the first operator coded my return as \\customer changed mind\\ which was ludicrous, i was begging them to find one in my color in their warehouse -- and when i learned that meant i wouldn't get free shipping back on the return, i called back again and the second operator was really on the ball.)      one caveat about the rail -- if your child moves all over the place while sleeping and presses up against the edge of the crib, you might be better off with a rail that blocks the *center* of the bed.  that's what i ended up with -- it's an under-mattress insert with a 9-inch gap at top and bottom.  several times i've found my 3yo partly hanging over the edge at the gap, so it turned out to be for the best.
unpacked it xmas day - we all loved it, it charged, changed colours, charged and now wont light at all. we have tried charging again and left it charging overnight - have tried every position for charging , pushing the bottom buttons etc. - going back today , clearly something is wrong. very disappointing.
we used medela bottles and nursing products exclusively when our daughter was born 6 months ago because i was using the pump 'n style and had purchased all medela to go along with the pump.  we were happy until a mere 2-3 weeks after using it.  a few bottles began leaking. my husband and i tried to figure out what we could be doing wrong... we sterilized according to package instructions using the medela microwave bags.  after struggling with the leaks for another 2 weeks (and a newborn), we called medela.  the rep apologized and said that they were having problems with the old plastic collar/rings (that screw onto the bottles with the nipples) and would gladly ship to us updated, newer collars.  sure enough, we were impressed to receive them in the mail within a few days.  did they solve the problem? not really.  some leaked less.  but others sprung new leaks.  we struggled with the bottles for another few months. we had invested too much money to switch.  and the baby liked the nipples.  by 4 months of use, practically all the bottles and collars were leaking.  in addition, we had 3 medela bottles warp... yes, warp... in the microwave, again, using medela microwave bags.  when i called medela, i spoke to a rep who was extremely rude... told us it was probably us not screwing on the bottles correctly.  when i explained that we tried everything under the sun, she told us that before giving the bottle to the baby, to check that the caps were screwed on just right (not too tight, not too loose), to twist open and run our fingers underneath, along the nipple to make sure everything was flat, check that the threading on the collar lined up with the threading on the bottle... etc. not only were we already doing all this, but it's a bottle.  who has time to spend 5 minutes fiddling with a bottle with a hungry baby waiting?  when i asked if she could send any replacement parts so we could figure out what was going on, she finally relented.  a few days later, i came home from work to find a letter stating i had a package waiting for me at the p.o.  when i finally went to pick it up, was told i had to pay for shipping before i could have it. it was shipped c.o.d. from medela!  i had them return the package.  went home and threw out all our bottles.  we are using playtex bottles happily now.  no more leaks.  but, unfortunately, we had already spent a lot of money on medela bottles and products.  as an ob/physician, i no longer recommend medela products exclusively to my patients.  they have good pumps, but their other products are overpriced, in my opinion, and not necessarily high in quality.
spent a little extra on this set because the numbers and letters are supposed to have little designs on them (as pictured). what got sent to me were plain ones with no designs. i was disappointed.
i'm on my second tots in mind crib tent. the company mailed us a replacement without any fuss after the netting separated from the nylon material and the zipper fell off. the nylon shredded when i attempted to sew it together myself; the fabric simply won't allow for patching. the replacement, unfortunately, ripped in the same manner as the original while my husband was installing it. cotton combined with mesh would be a better choice than nylon. though i appreciate the good customer service from tots in mind, i hope another manufacturer comes along with a better product.
i'm shocked other reviewers thought this was a great cup. they are so shoddily constructed that when mine arrived on one cup the thingy you flip to cover the straw had already popped off, despite being in pretty sturdy packaging. it was difficult to put back on. the flip-top is very difficult to flip back and forth - my 15mo couldn't do it, while he can easily open and close the playtex ones.    the worst part was that these cups leak. a lot. my son throws his cup off the highchair when i'm not looking. the playtex ones never leak. these leak most of the contents immediately from where the cap screws on to the bottom.    i just threw them out -- i'd rather count the $ spent on them wasted than be forever cleaning up milk off the floor.
i saw this in one of the free family magazines in the libraries.  i though it was a cool idea.  my kids, the younger ones (5 & 3) loves to play with cups pouring water while having their bath time.  my first reaction when i got it was that it was too small.  the biggest one, the blue caterpillar head is only about 3 inch in diameter.  but when i saw them playing with it in the tub, i think it is just the right size for their little hands.  still, depending on how you look at it.  you may want to consider the price to pay for a small plastic toy cups such as this one.  they do look great, they are very colorful, and they were made with quality plastic material.  each piece is numbered one to seven which my 5 year old had no problem following the sequence and snap them together to make it the full caterpillar as shown  in the pic.  snapping them together is not easy though even for a 5 year old boy.  i have to help him push the tabs to the holes as they are pretty tight.  they had fun, but they were not too excited about the new toy as i thought they would be.
bought this when our son was 3 months old.  wish we'd bought it the day we brought him home!  our baby was a massive spitter-upper and more than once choked on spit-up.  he also insisted on sleeping on his belly - screamed and threw a fit if he was on his back and just refused to sleep; he learned how to roll over at a very, very young age as well as he was so adamant that he sleep on his belly.  before we bought this i could not get a decent night's sleep for fear that something was going to happen to him - i kept waking up constantly to check on him and every little noise would send me into a fully awake panic.  this product works like a charm!  the alarm did go off a couple of times and woke him up enough to start breathing again or got us up in time to help the baby (it sets off the alarm if no motion is detected for 10 seconds).  it saved my sanity and most likely my precious baby.  i would strongly suggest this to anyone - it may seem expensive but after having used it i would have happily paid a great deal more.  the only thing to remember is when they wake up to eat in the middle of the night you need to remember to shut off the monitor or you will scare your spouse to death when the alarm goes off.  :-)
want to buy a different baby monitor.  i bought because got good ratings, cheap, & one of the few monitors that came with 2 parent units.  had for 3 months now.  live in a 3 floor condo complex and it just got more and more static lately.  noticed differences when turn certain lights on or charging cell phones.  no good.  it's starting to wake us up b/c of static noise changes throughout night.  it picks up noise well though and i like the fact that it has the light indicator for noise.  i also like that it has option of ac or rechargeable battery.  but i would not recommend to another person.     update: 5/10/2010  not sure if it had to do with new tenants moving in or another baby moving in next door so they had a baby monitor too or more wireless things we bought or what...but it was causing huge static/interference on the parent units that sounds like old radios. we could hear other people sometimes too. we could still hear the baby when he cries but it was with the static in background.  the static was just so annoying at night and we would just turn the unit off sometimes.  living in an older condo too, i'm sure the other tenants (who are elderly people) had same frequency electronics that makes it worse.  but we just gave in after 5 months of bearing with the static and bought this philips one, we're happy with our buy so far even without 2 parent units. not a big deal to just bring the parent unit with us.
this was one of the few selections at target.  what a disappointment & rip-off this has been.  the charge runs out in less than 12 hrs & the signal is unreliable.  also, there is no sound activated feature, so there is an annoying constant low level of white noise (for those precious few hours of sleep that parents do get & as sound-sensitive as we new moms are, i have found this very frustrating).  we had a sony baby call as our first monitor for our older child but i thought we couldn't go wrong with graco.  i would stronly recommend testing your monitor out thoroughly before you need to use it.
i gave this bag 3 stars because it's just a average diaper bag that can<br />be found at walmart.  the price isn't bad by any means but for gerber<br />i expected something more sturdy and durable.  this is just an average<br />walmart bag
this should have been very cute gift for a new mom.  the onesies are all adorned with cute as a button decals.  unfortunately these decals are only stuck on with some adhesive tape, they are not permanently sewn on to the onesie.  for this price, i would expect a cuter onesie than a plain white one (which you can buy in a 6 pack k-mart for cheap) rolled in a ball with a sticker on top.  overall, very disappointed.  would have been a super cute idea if the onesies all had permanent decorations on the chest.
i added this monitor to my baby registry because it had decent reviews for a reasonably priced monitor.  boy do i regret it now!  my son is only 7 months old and i am having to purchase another one and i don't even use it during the night, only for nap time.  the sound is broken, you have to turn it all the way up to be able to hear the baby at all, it crackles and you can hardly go two rooms away or it doesn't come in at all.  battery life is also not the greatest and you need to recharge pretty frequently.  i would never buy this product again!
this thing is the worst piece of junk i've ever ordered! i've put up 4 metal gates throughout the house so far, and needed 2 more, so i figured i would buy this since it's so much cheaper than the metal gates...turns out, this thing is a piece of junk. i spent over an hour, trying to get it to stay up, but each time i let go the darn thing would fall right off! it simply doesn't extend tightly against the walls like it supposed to...instructions were vague...i packed it back up and will be returning it for sure.
these gerber diapers usually make great burp rags (and are not at all good as cloth diapers).  this package, however was very scratchy.  i purchased some a week later at target which were very soft and what i expected from the product.  i wouldn't purchase this item through amazon again because of the quality.
1. trying to get these things on the correct side is very easy to screw up, and if you do it wrong, you have to yank with all of your might to get them back out.    2. the adapters have to come off before you can put it in the car-seat base    3. putting the car-seat on/off these adapters is extremely difficult and takes a lot of force. i have no idea how even i'll be able to do it with a baby in the seat. i doubt my wife could do it now. you literally have to step on the frame of the stroller and pull very hard to free the carseat.
my mom used gerber cloth diapers on me and my 3 siblings when we were growing up and i believe the quality of the ones made back then must have been better than what i've got today. i bought a pack of 12 and 2 of them ripped at the seams during their first wash. they don't seem to be very absorbent at all - they wick through my son's diaper covers and clothes. they do make good burp rags, though. i bought some of the chinese prefolds and i'm hoping to have better luck with them.
it's nice but i thought it would be a little nicer for the price.  the ribbon is a little cheap looking.   i saw a similar one somewhere else with much nicer ribbon and thought this would be the same product.  my mistake i guess.  the inside pages are vey nice though.
this was my first digital monitor purchase.  i was replacing the analog sony we got when our son was born.  digital is definitely the way to go because there's no static.  however, this just doesn't get nearly loud enough.  for 109$ it should at least wake me up when my son is crying.  the thing that wakes me up is the incredibly bright illumination of the lights.  perhaps they crossed some wiring and made the lights as bright as the volume should be loud.  i've very dissatisfied and am currently trying to get my money back.  i would not recommend that anyone buy this product.
One of the best pacifiers we've tried. Both Soothie and the newer version, the Gumdrop, have been real lifesavers for us. They don't cause nipple confusion in breastfeeding infants, and don't cause nipple pain for mommy!<br /><br />They can be a choking hazard, which is why there are warnings that when the baby can fit the entire pacifier (including the ring outside the nipple) into their mouth, it's time to get rid of the pacifier. The company punched holes in the ring in case a baby does try to swallow the entire pacifier, so the baby will be able to breathe until they get medical help.<br /><br />Wonderful item for upset babies or to help a baby fall asleep, but I don't recommend leaving it alone with an unsupervised infant.
We got these from the hospital, a couple of them. My baby seemed to love them so much that I went nuts and bought 6 more. Three days after getting them my baby was 10 days old and decided he didn't like them anymore. I think they're great for newborns at the hospital but I dont' think they like them for a long time.
It is important to note the Super in super soothie means that this is for a baby with teeth it is much harder than the green soothies you first experience at the hospital.  All the packaging says is 3+ months so I bought this thinking they were a little bigger or more appropriate for a 3 month old than the original soothie.  My baby is a little over 3 months and liked them initially but they ended up making him more fussy and irritated his gums.  He is not teething and maybe when he does we will get these out again.  It is important to note that the packaging and the description here does not alert you to the fact that 3+ really means teething or with teeth.  I found that description on the manufacturers website.  I give it 3 stars because it appears to be the same good quality, but I think it is important to note that it is confusing.
The description of this item did not explain that it is a much tougher rubber than the infant size.  My daughter is 3mo+ so based upon the description this is the size I purchased.  The rubber is so tough she cannot use the soothie.  I contacted the company on this issue and received very poor customer service.  I would not recommend buying from this company.
i ordered three patterns of the crocodile creek placemat.  the pictures on the mat are great and will certainly help the learning process.  the placemat itself was not what i expected.  i wanted a padded placemat that wouldn't move on the table and be easy to clean up without having to go through the washing machine.  the clean up is easy, but the mats slide all over our table.  i've had to place a cloth placemat underneath the crocodile creek mat to keep it in place.  there is no padding to the mat and the coating which makes it easy to clean makes it slick on the table.  while i love the images, if i had realized the mats were so thin and slick, i would not have ordered them.
it's a great concept in all. the lavender is so overbearing that we took out the removable microwavable sack that contained the flax/lavender. we like to soft material, but with the sack in place it feels hard..like it has a bag of dirt. if it had half the amount it would be much better. i would give it one star if the sack was not removable it's nice..squishy and soft and has a nice light lavender sent without the bag. the whole reason i bought it was so my son could have a cuddly, warm bunny for bed. maybe we'll open it up, remove it's contents and replace it with just flax and sew it back. the ears have enough lavender for the aromatherapy purpose.
the straps provided were not wide enough to go around our crib rail so my husband put 2 straps together to get it to fit the crib but my 1 one year old daughter figured out how to get it off. this was a waste of money.
this product is great for parents who would like their kids to sleep for up to 45 minutes, then wake up. those of us who would like them to sleep a little longer wish that it wouldn't turn off after 45 minutes! i have no idea what they were thinking? some kind of ridiculous liability issue?<br /><br />this makes the cute sheep useless. i'd recommend getting a cheap radio and setting it between am stations.
i started using this product and was impressed with the quality. i was able to hear my baby very clearly. i liked that both parent/child units used a battery backup. but 2 months later things started to fail. one child monitor went totally bad. the other one still works but the number of places i can use it in the house really is limited. if i place the monitor in a place outside a select few then i hear a lot of static. i would not recommend this monitor.
i bought this cup for my daughter but it in less than a week it started leaking... very disapointing...
i bought every type of pacifier at babiesrus to see which my son would like, i really liked how these pacifiers looked. however at 0 months is teething element really needed? this is one of my sons least favourite pacifier, i'm not sure what he doesn't like about it, but he really hates it. it's a shame because i like the consept but it just wasn't for us.
i baught this walker at my local walmart, because my son was getting bored with his jumperoo. the trays dont stay attatched, his seat is always coming undone, and he can pull the toys out and throw them across the floor. i don't recomend this to anyone!
were r pleased. i is nice and small and has good range. excellent for price paid. the only thing that we noticed is that there is occasional static, but not as bad as the others we have had.
i bought this pump and at first it worked great.  then it started to lose suction.  i researched and found out that this was a problem that the company knows about.  i called and they said they couldn't help me since i wasn't the original owner and besides all pumps lose suction.  not worth the money!
The Blue Super Soothie Pacifier looks like the ordinary green ones but is made of thicker material.  It works wonderfully for older children.  My 19 mos old son is teething and chews on his hands constantly.  He won't use teething toys but he chews the edge of the pacifier.  He could bite through the green ones but the blue one is thick enough he cannot bite through.
there was much that i initially liked about this stroller. it has a nice overall design, and it's a good size. however, there appears to be a major design flaw in the front wheels, and they lock up continuously. initially it only happened on somewhat rough surfaces, but now it's constant. we've reached a point, after only about 7 months of use, that we have to get a different stroller, because it won't go for more than a few feet without the front wheels locking up, unless we're on a perfectly smooth surface. i've noticed that most strollers have double front wheels on each side, and i regret not having taken note of this before i bought this stroller. the apparatus that holds the wheels in place is just a snap on part, that wobbles easily, and that also appears to add to the problem with the wheels.     there is also little back support, so my daughter tends to slouch in this stroller. the back is held in an upright position by a strap that is adjustable, but since the back is made of what seems to be corrugated plastic, it bows, and between that and the strap, it stays in a somewhat reclined position rather than solidly upright.
i bought this bassinet for my first child and it broke within a month! it is not sturdy and is made of plastic and cardboard, do not buy this product. it is also almost 2 times more expensive then other bassinets i have seen that would be sturdier.
i bought these bowls after trying about 5 other kinds of \\stay put\\ suction bowls.  these are the only ones that have actually stayed put on his high chair, the table, and even restaurant tables!  we went out and bought another pack, so we now have 6.  my 1-year-old pulls and pulls and pulls on these, but cannot break the suction -- a great deal for the money!
don't buy this item supplied target!  they are shipping 2 spouts, instead of the 4 spouts they are advertising.  and, they are charging the 4 spout price (2 spouts are $6.99).  amazon apologized for the mistake, but since target supplies the spouts, there is nothing amazon can do.  however, amazon was very apologetic and they are refunding my money - as well as paying for the return shipping.
my daughter likes to play with the tray itself!  glad i got it though as it helps her stay seated back while i feed her
i loved the idea of the baberoo..because my daughters head kept flopping to the side when she fell asleep in the car seat...so i bought the baberoo.  it worked great at first but it seemed to get stretched out and then it didn't work quite as well.
both my wife (a registered nurse) and i tried using this as specified in the directions, and it consistently gives low readings.  my son's temperature was 101 (according to two other thermometers used several times) and this said several times it was only 96.  get the exergen comfort scanner for $10 more instead, it is what our pediatrician uses and actually works.
our 11 week old, 12 lb baby loves her graco lovin' hug easy entry open top/curve frame swing so we wanted to buy a take-along swing for when i go to the gym or take her to grandma's house. she takes naps and sleeps in her graco swing at night. we couldn't find a graco take-along so we bought this swing at target.  we're going to take it back because as soon as we put her in it she tipped all the way back until she was flat on her back and her bottom and legs were higher than her head!  i took her out immediately after trying several positions to see if she could sit more upright.  when that didn't work we checked to see if we'd put it together correctly; we couldn't see where we'd made a mistake and it was very easy to put together.  we never tried swinging her in it since it didn't look safe or comfortable.  we bought it last night and it's already back in the box waiting to be returned.
okay-on the up side, it has a very smooth ride and is spacious. also, both car seat and stroller come apart for easy cleaning. but... the seat will not raise to an upright position, it almost gets there but not really, my child is always slightly reclining unless he sits forward without resting on the back. this stroller folds totally weird, you can't avoid having it touch the ground on folding (let us imagine parking lot grime).  when it is folded, it cannot remain upright unless carefully braced against something. it is very, very heavy and hard to lift. would you like to place it in your trunk-ha-it's so large when folded you must wiggle, shift, flip around for a car-better in an suv but still heavy and hard to shift. look the weight of it and the crazed way it folds is a real issue-remember you will have had a baby and later you will be trying to hold a baby and deal with it. arduous. ah one final little tiny thing, the viewing window on the canopy has a velcro flap and folds forward-if you would actually like to look at your child you will have to hold it open or attach your own extra velcro because it flips toward the front and the very motion of moving forward closes it, that's right factory velcro is set up not to hold it open-just annoying.
i purchased this product based on what other people have said about the outcome of the results. i find the instrument to be too loud and i wonder if it is scaring the baby more than it is suppose to help the baby develop. since i am 8 mos pregnant and have been using this product for 6 weeks so far, making sure i make the time 2x a day at the same time can be challenging at times. in the beginning the baby moves a little but i find that it puts her to sleep, which might not be a bad thing because i can use it when she is born to help her relax to sleep. it makes me want to sleep too. since it is too premature to say if it does everything it claims to, i can't give it 5 stars.
we purchased this monitor for our first born 7-2008 and were very dissatisfied.  there is not a way to disable to movement sensor even by just unplugging it.  i was on the phone with graco for over 45 minutes and they could not figure it out either.     main issue with this monitoring is that an alarm sounds on both the receiver end and the baby's end whenever movement is not detected for over 20 seconds.  all i can figure is it alarms for baby to make her stir and start moving again.  in our case all it did is upset our newborn who we'd just spend 2 hours trying to get to sleep.    needless to say, without the ability to disable the movement sensor and alarm, this was of no use to us and we returned it for a more basic monitoring system.  parents should know this alarm is unnerving for both you (who might possibly be sleep-deprived) and for baby...    its a poor design when you don't have the option to turn off features such as the movement sensor.  lame.
i have a three year old and we love these.  they are great and easy to use.  i highly recommend these to anyone!
like others here, this wouldn't stick on our toilet for more than 5 minutes.  it's probably the worst toilet lock on the market.  don't bother even trying it.
its a very good product qualitywise and all but i could use a larger lcd screen on the handheld monitor.
the porta-crib is ok.  the bassinet has too much give  and the pad didn't give much support. my daughter wouldn't sleep in it.  so i ended up puting a porta-crib mattress in it even though it says not to.  it did seem to give it more support and she finally slept in it.  i did like that it had a caddy for the diapers and wipes.  although my daughter is only three months and already too big for the changing table.  all in all, i got what i paid for.  it is definately good enough for vacations.  hopefully, when she is big enough be put in the bottom it will be more useful to us.
my wife and i bought this on a wednesday, received it on the following friday, and installed it saturday, and removed it by sunday in the early evening and had it in the box, paperwork printed out to return it.    installation - no problem.  so long as you can read and understand the directions, installation shouldn't take more than about 10 minutes, and it was fairly easy.    comfortableness - lousy.  the adjustable pillow is enormous.  yes, it is conveniently adjustable, but it extends forward from the seat-back about 3 inches.  it is also not removable, so we couldn't just remove it so we could still use it.    it may not happen to all babies, but our son's head was pushed forward too much for us to feel comfortable leaving him in it for any length of time.    i suggest if you're looking to purchase a car seat, go to the store where you can put your mitts on them and babies in them, decide if you like it in the store, and then order it from somewhere online.  after this carseat is sent back, my wife and i plan on doing just that.
this product is perhaps nice, however not for all three wheel strollers as described on the web site. so, i'm returning it.  on the package is clearly written it zips to all runabout tri-modetm  model strollers. if this info was provided on the web page, i would not buy this product.
i bought this walker for my 5 month old on 5/22/08 and already returned it. assembly was a little tricky and the walker is extremely boring. the musical castle is a joke. it plays for about 30 seconds unless you keep pushing on it. the quality of this item is awful. the walker doesn't turn easily. it's absolutely ridiculous. thank goodness i bought it from walmart and didn't have to pay to send it back. i replaced this walker with the 3 in 1 combi \\car\\ walker. i can't wait to get it in and have my daughter try it out.
i first rated this item about a month ago after three or four uses. i pulled it out today for the first time since then, and it was dead. i tried replacing the battery, and nothing happened.     i can't update the number of stars provided, but it i were to rate it again today, i would give it one.
my daughter likes the spinning sun and then two toys hanging off of it.  she isn't so interested in the mirror but she doesn't tend to get too into mirrors in general.  the one real complaint that i have is that it doesn't have a bottom and it is very light.  since it is light and doesn't have a bottom, my daughter can easily pull it over and then therefore cannot actually play with the toy.  i have to keep setting it back up or holding it in place for her.
we've gone through 2 of these monitors and it is a great concept but the design doesn't filter interference well.  we have a wifi network in the house, no portable phones and unless we are fairly close we get intermittent loud crackles, pops, static.  second unit was a bit better than the first, not much.  their customer support was great, sent out a second unit via fedex with no questions, nor requesting deposit, with return label on the original.  if you have a non-network house might work but for us, forget it.  i'm trying another monitor so we can sleep again.  this thing needs a re-design and their fast turnaround in sending out a replacement may be that they know as well.
the concept is good for the 3 in 1, but the step stool portion does not lock into the potty ring base. so child knocks it over easily and a pain if you have to move it.
the sheet was way too small for a crib size mattress. i never expected that so had thrown away box. we washed and dried it before using it and there is no way the sheet could have fit any crib mattress
unlike the other reviewer, the monitor still picks up the white noise even when i put the setting on sound activation.  the setting works for maybe 2 mins. and then once the baby makes a noise and starts up the monitor, it just stays on, even though the baby is no longer making noise.  i personally don't like the sound activation setting anyway b/c when it turns on and off it makes a clicking noise which in itself is distracting to me.    the other problem i have with this monitor is that it beeps a lot for the \\range alarm\\.  we have tried so many positions and it still does it.  i think it does it b/c our baby moves a lot in the crib and gets further and further away from the monitor so when she makes a smaller noise, the monitor can't pick it up very well so it just beeps the range alarm instead.  needless to say, this beep is rather annoying, especially when you're trying to sleep.    so the bottom line is that i can not use this monitor at night.  i only use it during the day when baby is napping and i am doing things around the house.  i have never tried any other baby monitors, so i can't comment on how this compares to other ones.  i got this one as a shower gift.  my impression is that this one is on the pricier end of baby monitors.
the monitor works good. both, sound and picture are great when you stay within the range. automatic night-vision feature is great. microphone has good sensitivity. however, at the distance over 30 feet through the walls, the receiver starts to pick up some static, which affects both video and sound. it would be nice if the receiver could turn the video on automatically if the sound level stays high for a couple seconds.<br /><br />we are very satisfied with the purchase but the static in the far rooms of the house make me give it 4 stars.
this seat cannot be installed rear facing correctly.  our daughter nearly tipped over in it.  also the head rest pushes her head into her chest and the shoulder pads are so bulkly that no matter how tightly you adjust the shoulder straps she can still wiggle out of the seat.  she is so uncomfortable that she cries every time we go somewhere.  we have had to put her back into her carrier seat since we have returned this one and are now shopping for something else.  this seat is dangerous...do not buy!
i will first say...this is a cute stroller.  the colors are actually quite nice in person, though they are a bit drab on my computer screen.  and if you're only pushing it around your kitchen on tiles, it's quite nice.    however, after the return period, we had a chance to try it out on sidewalks (it was purchased solely for a disneyland trip so we didn't have to rent a stroller and so i wasn't tempted to try to bring my smooth-riding jogging stroller (aka the beast), so this sidewalk-trial was important!).  before we got a block away from our apartment i knew we would be selling it.    i'm only 5'3\\ and i was kicking the tires with every step i took.  if i tried to lean so i didn't kick it, then my body was in a ridiculous position that would have hurt my back inside of just one day at disneyland.  my husband is 5'10\\ and kicked it too, of course.  that's not fun for the kicker or the kid inside the stroller.      it was very rough-riding as well.  and i couldn't \\pop\\ it up onto curbs, because when i did the motion to get it up onto its back wheels, it pulled up on the handles which is what you do to make it fold!  now there might have been some sort of lock that i didn't find (despite reading the instructions) that would keep it from doing that, but by that time i was \\over\\ this stroller.  i cleaned it up (from a short sidewalk walk, the wheels looked awful, b/c they are just plastic, not tires at all), consigned it, and was glad it was gone.
i was so excited  to pump hands free - but close inspection of the box revealed that it only works with beautiful beginnings style bra - bogus!  you need a bunch of loops in your bra, and none of my other medela bras or otherwise have them - make sure you have the right bra first!
i have ordered this carseat and when it arrived it was the old version without the gracopedic foam, 3x more eps foam, and no travel pillow. i called and they sent out another seat. same outdated seat sent. i will not compromise my angels safety. if graco added more eps foam, then the booster needed it. i want the item very badly, but i want it as described, with the new advances.
i was very happy with the sidekick diaper bag at first.  it has lots of handy pockets and is cleverly designed with the carrier inside.  it is very practical, but very poor quality.  within one week, the first zipper broke on the bottom of the bag.  then a couple months later another zipper broke completely off.  now, the main zipper i use the most to keep my keys in, gets stuck shut all the time and won't open until you try over and over and over.      i bought this bag on sale for $45 and i'm not sure it was worth even that. now, just 2 months later, i'm looking for a new bag because of the cheaply made zippers!!  very dissappointing!! why do they charge $79 for this bag and then put the poorest quality of zippers inside?? think twice before ordering...
i enjoyed this monitor, until the parent unit broke after one week.  it stopped picking up noise from the baby suddenly, without any explanation.  quality control anyone?
i bought these bottles thinking my son could hold them better because they are wide, but the nipple pushes into the bottle over half the time and soaks my son no matter how tight you put on the lid. don't recommend anyone buy these!
dont really like this one, it is to hard for him to get on, and the part for the boy doesnt work well. disappointed for the price.
this item is useless for an infant. once our son's cord fell off, and it was time for a bath, we put this chair in the tub. we had to fill the tub nearly 3/4 of the way for water to even reach half way up the chair. then it started to float! we attempted to put our son on it and he just slid down and off of it! it is impossible for only one person to use this item, unless you are content with giving your child a sponge bath in the open air!
i bought this for my baby brother, jay. he is my mom's 1 year old foster child who she is in the process of adopting. here is what my mom said about the gate:<br /><br />\\the gate seemed ok but was very light weight plastic and we didn't think it was sturdy enough to keep a strong baby like jay from breaking it out of the wall and then tumbling with it down the steps.  most importantly, the gate was not very tall, only about 24\\ i think,  the railing around the top of the steps is more like 32\\.  we felt that baby would be hanging over the top of the gate and fall down the steps (jay is already 33 inches tall).\\<br /><br />they ended up buying a different gate, so it was a waste of money for me. if i lived in the same state, i would just bring it home to use in my house for my baby since we don't have any stairs.
i made the mistake of getting this one and it really does nothing.  i would have more success asking  my newborn to blow her nose into a tissue while doing a handstand.  save your money and buy a different aspirator.
i also didn't think a video monitor would be necessary, but my husband--a gadget guy--wanted one, so we 1st got the sight & sound assurance by safety 1st.  the monitor on the safety 1st was always b&w and pretty grainy, also the monitor is very bulky and always has to be plugged in.   <br /> <br />as soon as we plugged in this summer infant monitor we were both amazed at the picture quality.  it is very clear even at night and you can adjust the brightness of the picture to your liking.  it picks up sound extremely well too.  also--for those of you with a wireless network we have had no problems.  love that you can see the video with volume all the way down and that the video turns off after a few seconds (button on top turns it back on instantly) <br /> <br />only negative--a little bit of background static--my husband didn't notice it. <br /> <br />(btw--someone was complaining about the picture being b & w at night--every monitor system would be b & w at night, because there is no such thing as color in the absence of light!)
i just purchased my second diaper champ, as i have two children in diapers and another on the way. i finally gave up on the diaper genie, i just couldn't get the smell out of the plastic. so i go to the store to buy another diaper genie for the second nursery and find that it is a new design. i read the description and think it must be better than the old design and since i like the old one i will love this one.  <br />boy was i wrong. first off you have to put this together yourself by simply snapping on the lid. this was not difficult, but i immediately notice that it does not flip as smoothly as the original and the seal doesn't seem as tight fitting. <br /> <br />i do like that it is wider at the top, but it is also shorter and you need to bend more, something us parents do too much of during the day as it is.but i am still willing to give it a try. <br />after three days use i notice the room has that oh so familiar smell of dirty diapers. i thought at first it was the trash can that still had a few diapers in it from our transition phase of not having a diaper pail for a day, but after removing the can i still notice the smell.the new design does not prevent the smell from escaping and it will be going back, i just hope i can find one of the old designs left on the shelf.
i bought two other toy boxes that are holding up just fine, but this toy box fell apart after a short time.  i purchased it the day before christmas online.  it was put together right after christmas, but not used right away.  once it was used, it was obvious it was defective (and dangerous to children).  it is now past the return policy deadline.  since it fell apart, i didn't have to take it apart for the trash area, but did have to remove many sharp pieces of hardware from it to protect any children that might be near the trash area.  a wasted $51.17 that's for sure.
this product promises great sound and picture. it does not deliver. static is everywhere. even tried to shut down all other wireless devices in the house. does not work. would not recommend this product at all....
this travel system is a good idea.  however a wheel broke off on our 2nd flight, probably due to baggage handlers, so would not buy this product again.
at first glance the mobicam looks great and the initial reviews i read seemed good.  i should have checked further.  the first problem with this is the design.  there is a wall mount attachment that comes with it but the camera does not tilt all the way down so if you mount the mobicam on a wall above a crib it shoots the opposing wall rather then pointing directly down to the crib.  then i thought i can somehow mount it to the ceiling, but then it occured to me that i cannot get the power cord up there.  also, the power cord is only 3 feet long, way to short to mount it high enough.  i had to go out and buy shelves and install them and then strap the thing to the shelf to get it to point down. <br /> <br />then we turned it on and it killed our wifi network. <br /> <br />i am over this thing.  i am going to see if there is a better one out there.
i can't believe that the manufacturer would try and rip you off this way. i am very shocked. our room is 9feet8inches by 10feet6inches and i was only able to do three walls!!! this doesn't include the last 10ft6in. wall! what size room did they have in mind a closet! <br /> <br />you have to buy 2 wall borders to do such a small room. i am so angry that i want to take it down and not even have the border instead of go out and spend another $19 to finish one wall! <br /> <br />
This monitor my husband and I purchased after trying several others and returning them. We love this one cause you can watch everything the little one is doing. Its absolutly awesome. We have cordless phones and dsl and doesnt really interfere. Its the best monitor out there. You can walk around with it too! Its handheld. Its nice sized and great quality.
because....my little guy could not sit without being squished. the seat does not recline back at all which means you can't put a baby in it until they can hold their head up well. even after that, if they fall asleep you are back to the slumping head. the only reason i bought this product was because it was such a good deal (on sale) but, i would never pay full price and am even debating returning it! its really a shame because most fisher price products are so good but, stay away fromo this one! trust me.
i was excited to see so many positive reviews for this product. my daughter is getting too broad for the baby bjorn- she's 9 months and 21 pounds and she really likes to be upright when carried. this carrier is very comfortable for about 10 minutes, then she starts to slide down to the point where her head is resting near the low end of my sternum and her feet hit my legs when i walk. she's very snug when i first put her in. it's hard to put on outside the house; it is so long, it drags on the ground when wrapping around your waist-not great in filthy parking lots. also, it is hard to get her out easily when i want to lay her down after she falls asleep. i have to wrestle her out which of course wakes her up. when i put her forward facing, the strap cuts into her neck no matter where i put her arms. the side position was awkward. there is so much fiddling and adjusting she gets more fussy. so i will return it and look for another solution.
this car seat is of excellent quality.  the drawbacks i can see is that the recline function does not recline far enough to compensate for the slope of the seat for the car seat to sit with the marker \\level to the ground\\ like it should in the rear facing position.  this car seat is rather large and i have to move the front passenger seat up in our suv (nissan murano) quite considerably in order to put the car seat in facing rearward.  placing the rolled up towels underneath the base makes the car seat level, but it also requires the front seat be pushed forward even further.  i test fit it in the forward facing position in the back seat and the car seat fits just fine that way.  i wouldn't suggest buying this for an infant if you have a smaller back seat unless you want your front seat passengers spending the first year of baby's life with their knees in the dashboard.  the nissan's back seat is pretty large but perhaps it would fit better in, say, a suburban? <br />i don't like the fact that the owner's manual has diagrams that show the level marks perpendicular to the ground with the car seat reclined while sitting in the back seat without towels.  they could have designed it better in my opinion so i wouldn't have to use the towels. <br />(the level marks are located on the seatbelt harnesses that are visible in the picture of the product if you were wondering).
i had this one and then returned it b/c of the poor reception.  it worked ok at first and then it was impossible to get a clear picture-plus the knobs are really hard to turn b/c they are in the back of the monitor.   <br /> <br />the handheld color video monitor- also by the same company- was really easy to install and then the picture is right there on the lcd screen without any adjusting at all!!  it's worth the extra $89.
i registered for this car seat. i was very concerned when i read the review that said consumer reports reccomends not buying this seat. so i looked it up. go to consumerreports.com and click on car seats then booster seats. the eddie bauer (cosco) high-backed booster seat (this one!) got an over-all rating of very good to excellent and scored either very good or excellent in every category. consumer reports says this is a great car seat!!! i am glad i \\did my research\\.
my husband and i had a really tough time getting the seat into the tub as it doesn't sit flush on the bottom of the tub. it's nearly impossible to get our 6 month old into the seat. when we finally got her in, you can't wash her at all with the seat around her. what's worse is removing the seat from the tub. it completely fills with water and needs to be tipped over several times to try and empty. <br />this was a waste of time and money.
This monitor is staticky. I mean if it's the only one you have then it's  fine because you can still hear your child, but the amount of static is annoying and kind of distracting if you are trying to do work. I would suggest that parents shop around before purchasing an item that is cheaper.
Do your research before buying this seat!!! Consumer Reports specifically recommends not choosing this seat. They say that when used as a booster, the seat belt guides do not allow the seat belt to move freely. The Cosco Summit high Back Booster is better, and totally recommended by CR. There is also an Eddie Bauer version for those wanting a nicer fabric.
This stroller is nice looking and fine for mall shopping, but if you are doing anything outside in the sun or light rain, it's terrible. The canopy is so small and doesn't cover anything which is terrrible when you go to the zoo! I have had two of them and both, I had to return because the wheels kept sticking. The first was the 04 then I had the 05 thinking that they might have fixed the problem. They didn't. Other customers are right in that when the seat is in recline position there is almost no way to access the basket. So if your child is sleeping or you have an infant seat on top, you can forget about accessing anything you have stored in the bottom. It is a decent stroller, is rated top by consumer reports, and comfy for the child, but to me, it's not worth the price.  <br /> <br />If you only want it for those mall shopping trips where you don't buy a lot, then it's probably perfect for you!
This is a terrible product.  The suction cups do not work at all, so it slips all over the place.  Despite the cushion it is not comfortable at all, and baby slides around in it.  Most importantly, the underside of the blue seat bar is rough and can scrape and cut your baby.  In my opinion this product should be recalled.
I recieved this monitor as a baby shower present.  If I knew then what I know now I would never had registered for it!! About 3 weeks after my baby shower I went to open the monitor to get ready for our upcoming baby.  When I took it out of the box the antenna was broken off.  I went back to Babies R'Us and they gladly swapped it out for me.  I brought it home and opened the box and much to my displeasure the same piece was broken off and not only was it broken off the piece wasn't even in the box!!!  I now have to go back to the store (yet again) to see if I can find one that isn't broken.  My thought is that anything that costs $100.00 and breaks before you even use it is a piece of JUNK!!!
This product is useless until later in the pregnancy (when you are less worried anyway).  I couldn't hear anything with this (which of course was upsetting), although I could hear perfectly well with a better monitor. They told me I could get a refund but they claimed they never received it back and I got nothing.  I highly discourage buying this and instead RENTING the better/more-sensitive one.
At first I was thrilled when my mother-in-law got this for me. It looked so nifty!! When I brought my little baby home, my father set up the system, and I happily started using it. I lost patience very soon. The second and third diapers seem to drop through to the first one, no matter how much I twist the bag, a foul smell escapes every time I lift the lid, and I hate the hassle of trying to slip a long heavy snake of dirty diapers into another trash bag, to take down to the trash. I seem to forever be needing to empty it, and though the refills do last a while, I could do without the expense. We are going out this weekend to buy the diaper champ. My 2 girlfriends have it, and say it is fantastic.
We used the snap-n-go when they first came out...liked it then.  Now with our third child we rec'd the newer version.  We have an Eddie Bauer carrier.  The booklet that comes with it shows the carrier and gives instructions on placement.  The problem is that the Eddie Bauer carrier is only held in place by a strap - it DOES NOT LOCK INTO PLACE, like all of the other carriers would.  Now, it may seem that why not use just the strap - well, the strap is the SECOND saftey mechanism for the seat...and really should not be used as the only one b/c when you move the stroller the seat moves around....the latch is for a reason, and if you cannot securely latch the carrier - they should NEVER instruct you to be able to use it - just to make the $$.  We're returning it!  Sorry but our child's safety should be their concern...too!
This monitor was terrible!  Even with the volume turned all the way up both on the child receiver and the parent receiver, I still couldn't hear my son.  Sometimes I would hear him crying from the other room but couldn't hear him on the monitor!  Useless!  I liked the light show so we bought the FisherPrice Flutter Bye Crib Attachment, which has a light show, and then traded this monitor in for the Fisher Price 900mhz monitor which has crystal clear reception.
I have been breast feeding/pumping for 5 1/2 months and was using a double, electric pump.  I bought the Isis because of the small size for traveling and because of the good reviews it got. <br /> <br />My advice for someone looking to buy it for travel - don't do it.  It takes 45+ minutes to express from both sides because it's so slow.  The silicone insert is extremely 'squeaky' and extremely annoying.  I also felt like I was going to get carpal tunnel in my hands from the pumping action. <br /> <br />I also had a very difficult time getting the suction quite right.  I wanted to cry when I used it the first couple of times.
After the first washing, two of the five blankets fell apart. I registered and received both the blue and green receiving blankets and returned them both. I originally chose these because the patterns were so cute but the poor quality isn't worth keeping them. I wouldn't buy them.
I liked this sling because of the pockets, and it looks cool, BUT it hurts if you wear it for more than a few minutes.  I also have a new native baby sling which is fabulous, and never hurts because the part that goes over your shoulder is wide. <br /> <br />DON'T BUY IT. DON'T REGISTER FOR IT.  Go New Native.
I recieved the monitor has a gift. I used it when I was at my parents house, because the babys room is on the other side of the house. I kept hearing other peoples conversations and I thought that was normal. Then I started hearing ticking sounds, then one moring I woke up and it wasn't working. Luckly the baby was looking at her mobile just laying there. Then I would hear strange sounds coming from both ends. This is my first time using thos product and my baby is seven months old. I am very upset about this monitor........
The cushion/padding for my ottoman came out of the box looking awful!  The stitching isn't straight and is ripping apart before I've even used it.  I'm hoping I'll be able to get a free replacement from the company.      Babies R Us switched out the cushion for me - I just had to make an extra trip to the store.
I have been using this since we brought our baby home.  For the first few weeks it was a useful item.  We would swaddle her in a kiddopotomous, and put her in here and she would sleep very well.  Around a month, she started getting wrestless about being swaddled so we used a baby blanket.  She started outgrowing this at about 5 weeks - we would find her with her head hanging off the top of the incline.  I adusted the side supports so it was a little more snug, and farther down so that her head wouldn't slide off.  Within a couple of days I woke up to find her under the blanket with her head between the two side supports.  This to me is more dangerous than allowing her to sleep on her tummy!  We were leary of potential suffocation!  Our baby is currently 7 weeks old, I feel this was a waste of money considering it was only useful for a month.  This product needed to be made about 6 inches longer, and the side supports needed to be made with a mesh fabric for breathability just in case the baby wiggles her way down.  Good idea, but needs improvement.
I've been disappointed with this monitor.  I didn't think that there would be that big of a difference between monitors, but when my second baby was born (my girls are only 18 months apart) I needed a second monitor.  I chose Fisher Price for my second one so that I could tell which monitor went to which girl.  My first monitor was The First Years.  Unfortunately, the Fisher Price model has MUCH more static and white noise when turned on than does The First Years monitor. <br /> <br />I can hear my daughter on it but the amount of white noise/static is quite annoying--even when the volume is turned down really low.
Others seem to have had a much better experience with this item, and we can't understand why.  When assembling the table, it quickly became clear that it was poorly made and the components were badly engineered.  For example, one of the bars would not accept the screw that the manufacturer provided for it - the screw would not bite.  The dowels were not well sanded and seemed as if they could cause splinters.  We decided it wasn't worth continuing the assembly and returned it.  Also note, the shelves are made of a very thin composite wood and are flimsy.  This thing is overpriced and unsafe.
I bought this to use for my newborn and 2 year old. I took it to the mall yesterday and it was a nightmare, turns are impossible! I returned it last night and am giving the duoglider by Graco a try. It's got much better ratings. Don't waste your time on this one just because it may look better and has a cool toy. It's not worth it!
I chose this tub because it folds up. However, since we use it every night, I haven't folded it up since Week 1. I do like the tub but find it cumbersome to use. It does leak through one of the fold-up hinge/gaps if there's too much water in the tub. Also, Baby is now nearly 8 weeks old, and already, her feet spill over the end of the seat area. She's very nearly too big for it and measured 22 at her 6-wk checkup. I can't see her fitting in the tub much longer. Her feet do get stuck in the gaps between the seat and the side of the tub. More importantly, for some reason, there are hard plastic corners along either side of the pad where her head is. She's knocked her head on them several times, and any other time, we spend the whole bath on guard, hoping she doesn't knock it. I'm also bothered when draining the tub. The plug has a little rim around it that sits up. I'm sure this helps prevent leaks, but it also prevents all water from adequately draining out. I have to turn the tub completely upside-down to ensure that all water has drained. The more I think about it, the more I think I'd like to try a different tub. I'd recommend this tub only to those who are seriously crunched for space or who travel often and need a fold-up tub.
